What is the tuition of Behrend?
How much does it cost to go to Behrend?
What is the cost of Behrend?
What is tuition like at Behrend?
What is the usual cost of tuition at Behrend?
How much are tuition costs at Behrend?
Is Behrend expensive?
What is the tuition of Penn State Behrend?
How much does it cost to go to Penn State Behrend?
What is the cost of Penn State Behrend?
What is tuition like at Penn State Behrend?
What is the usual cost of tuition at Penn State Behrend?
How much are tuition costs at Penn State Behrend?
Is Penn State Behrend expensive?
What is the location of Behrend?
What is the address of Behrend?
Where can I find Behrend?
What is the location of the Behrend campus of PSU?
What is the address of the Behrend campus of PSU?
What is the address of Penn State Behrend?
Where can I find Penn State Behrend?
What is the location of the Behrend campus of Penn State University?
What is the address of the Behrend campus of Penn State University?
What is Erie, PA like?
What is Erie like?
What should I expect Erie to be like?
What jobs are good for a Computer Engineer?
What jobs can I expect to get as a Computer Engineer?
What can I do as a Computer Engineer?
Can I see what jobs I might get as a Computer Engineer?
Can I see possible jobs for a Computer Engineer?
Can I see jobs for a Computer Engineer?
Show me some Computer Engineering jobs
What types of classes will I be taking as a Computer Engineer?
What types of classes will I be taking as a CMPEN major?
What types of classes will I be taking as a Computer Engineering major?
What types of courses does a CMPEN student take?
What types of courses does a Computer Engineering student take?
What types of courses will I be taking as a Computer Engineering student?
What types of courses will I be taking as a Computer Engineering major?
What types of courses will I be taking as a CMPEN major?
What types of courses will I be taking as a CMPEN student?
What types of courses will I be taking as a Computer Engineer?
How does CS differ from CMPEN?
How is CS different from CMPEN?
What's different about CS compared to CMPEN?
How do CS and CMPEN differ?
How does Computer Science differ from Computer Engineering?
How is Computer Science different from Computer Engineering?
What's different about Computer Science compared to Computer Engineering?
How do Computer Science and Computer Engineering differ?
How long will I be at Behrend if going after a CMPEN degree?
How many years will I be in school if pursuing a CMPEN degree?
How many years will it take to finish a degree in CMPEN?
How long will I be at Behrend if going after a Computer Engineering degree?
How many years will I be in school if pursuing a Computer Engineering degree?
How many years will it take to finish a degree in Computer Engineering?
How hard is Computer Engineering?
Is Computer Engineering difficult?
How difficult is CMPEN?
Is CMPEN difficult?
How hard is CMPEN?
What schools offer the best Computer Engineering programs?
What's a good school for Computer Engineering?
What schools provide a good Computer Engineering program?
What are good options for Computer Engineering schools?
What engineering programs does Behrend have?
Can I see a list of engineering programs at Penn State Behrend?
Can I see a list of engineering programs at Behrend?
What are the engineering programs Penn State Behrend offers?
What are the engineering programs Behrend offers?
Can I double major at Penn State Behrend?
Does Behrend allow students to double major?
Can I double major at Behrend?
Are double majors an option at Behrend?
Are double majors an option at Penn State Behrend?
How does Penn State Behrend rank?
What is Behrend's ranking?
How does Behrend rank compared to other schools?
How does Penn State Behrend rank compared to other schools?
How does Behrend rank?
What is the current ranking of Penn State Behrend?
What is the current ranking of Behrend?
What's Behrend's ranking?
What's the current ranking of Penn State Behrend?
What's the current ranking of Behrend?
What GPA do I need for Penn State Behrend?
What is the required GPA score for entrance to Behrend?
What GPA do I need for Behrend?
What high school GPA is required for Penn State Behrend?
What high school GPA is required for Behrend?
What SAT do I need for Penn State Behrend?
What is the required SAT score for entrance to Behrend?
What SAT do I need for Behrend?
What high school SAT is required for Penn State Behrend?
What high school SAT is required for Behrend?
Does Behrend have a football team?
Is there a football team at Behrend?
Is there a football team at Penn State Behrend?
what sports teams does Behrend have?
what are the athletic facilities like?
How many Computer Engineering students graduate with a job offer?
How many CMPEN students graduate with a job offer?
What percentage of CMPEN students at Penn State Behrend graduate with a job offer?
What percentage of Computer Engineering students at Behrend graduate with a job offer?
What percentage of CMPEN students at Behrend graduate with a job offer?
How many Computer Engineering students graduate with an offer?
How many CMPEN students graduate with an offer?
What percentage of CMPEN students at Penn State Behrend graduate with an offer?
What percentage of Computer Engineering students at Behrend graduate with an offer?
What percentage of CMPEN students at Behrend graduate with an offer?
How does Behrend's Computer Engineering program rank?
How does Behrend's CMPEN program rank?
How does Penn State Behrend's CMPEN program rank?
What is Penn State Behrend's CMPEN program ranking?
What is Behrend's CMPEN program ranking?
What is Behrend's Computer Engineering program ranking?
What is Penn State Behrend's Computer Engineering program ranking?
What's Penn State Behrend's CMPEN program ranking?
What's Behrend's CMPEN program ranking?
What's Behrend's Computer Engineering program ranking?
What's Penn State Behrend's Computer Engineering program ranking?
What skills do you need to pursue a career in Computer Engineering?
What are necessary skills for a Computer Engineer?
Can I see a list of necessary skills for a Computer Engineer?
What skills do I need to become a Computer Engineer?
What skills are needed to pursue a career in CMPEN?
What skills do you need to pursue a career in CMPEN?
What is the student retention rate at Behrend?
What is the retention rate at Penn State Behrend?
What is the retention rate at Behrend?
How many students stay at Penn State Behrend after the first year?
How many students stay at Behrend after the first year?
How likely am I to stay at Penn State Behrend after the first year?
How likely am I to stay at Behrend after the first year?
What is the retention rate of CMPEN students at Penn State Behrend?
What is the retention rate of CMPEN students at Behrend?
What is the retention rate of Computer Engineering students at Behrend?
How many Computer Engineering students stay at Penn State Behrend after the first year?
How many Computer Engineering students stay at Behrend after the first year?
How many CMPEN students stay at Penn State Behrend after the first year?
How many CMPEN students stay at Behrend after the first year?
What is the retention rate of EE students at Penn State Behrend?
What is the retention rate of EE students at Behrend?
What is the retention rate of Electrical Engineering students at Behrend?
How many Electrical Engineering students stay at Penn State Behrend after the first year?
How many Electrical Engineering students stay at Behrend after the first year?
How many EE students stay at Penn State Behrend after the first year?
How many EE students stay at Behrend after the first year?
What is the retention rate of students at Behrend?
What is the retention rate of students at Penn State Behrend?
What is the retention rate of CS students at Penn State Behrend?
What is the retention rate of CS students at Behrend?
What is the retention rate of Computer Science students at Behrend?
How many Computer Science students stay at Penn State Behrend after the first year?
How many Computer Science students stay at Behrend after the first year?
How many CS students stay at Penn State Behrend after the first year?
How many CS students stay at Behrend after the first year?
What is the retention rate of SE students at Penn State Behrend?
What is the retention rate of SE students at Behrend?
What is the retention rate of Software Engineering students at Behrend?
How many Software Engineering students stay at Penn State Behrend after the first year?
How many Software Engineering students stay at Behrend after the first year?
How many SE students stay at Penn State Behrend after the first year?
How many SE students stay at Behrend after the first year?
What is the retention rate of Software Engineering students at Penn State Behrend?
What is the retention rate of Computer Science students at Penn State Behrend?
What percentage of students commute to Behrend?
How many students are commuters?
How many students commute to campus?
How many students commute to Behrend?
How many students commute to Penn State Behrend?
What percentage of students are commuters?
What percentage of students commute to campus?
what are the parking arrangements?
What is the gender ratio at Behrend?
What is the ratio of males to females at Behrend?
How many males are at Penn State Behrend compared to females?
What is the ratio of males to females at Penn State Behrend?
Does Behrend assist graduating students with job placement?
Will Behrend assist me with finding a job?
Will Penn State Behrend assist me with finding a job?
Will Behrend help me find a job?
Will Penn State Behrend help me find a job?
Does Behrend have a good reputation amongst employers?
Do employers hold Penn State Behrend with high regard?
Do employers hold Behrend with high regard?
Do employers like students from Penn State Behrend?
Do employers like students from Behrend?
What is the graduation rate for Behrend?
How many students graduate on time at Behrend?
How many students graduate on time at Penn State Behrend?
What are Behrend's colors?
What are the colors of Penn State Behrend?
What are the colors of Behrend?
Does Penn State Behrend have specific colors?
Does Behrend have specific colors?
What are the costs and benefits of pursuing a Masters, instead of a Bachelor's?
Is a Master's degree better than a Bachelor's degree?
Should I get a Master's degree instead of a Bachelor's degree?
What's the difference between a Master's degree and a Bachelor's degree?
What is the difference between a Master's degree and a Bachelor's degree?
What are the costs and benefits of pursuing a Bachelor's, instead of a Masters?
Is a Bachelor's degree better than a Master's degree?
Should I get a Bachelor's degree instead of a Master's degree?
What's the difference between a Bachelor's degree and Master's degree?
What is the difference between a Bachelor's degree and a Master's degree?
Are Computer Engineers wanted?
Do lots of companies want a Computer Engineer?
Will I be wanted as a Computer Engineer?
What kinds of internships can I get as a Computer Engineering student?
What are possible internships a Computer Engineering student can get?
what companies have relationships on campus?
what opportunities might there be to develop relationships with companies while on campus?
What kinds of internships can a Computer Engineering student get?
Why should I live on campus?
Is living on campus better than living off campus?
Why should I live off campus?
Is living off campus better than living on campus?
What math classes do I need to major in Computer Engineering at Penn State Behrend?
What math classes do I need to major in Computer Engineering at Behrend?
What math classes do I need to major in CMPEN at Penn State Behrend?
What math classes do I need to major in CMPEN at Behrend?
What math classes are required for a degree in CMPEN at Penn State Behrend?
What math classes are required for a degree in CMPEN at Behrend?
What technology will I be using as a Computer Engineer?
What are some frequently used technology for Computer Engineers?
What technology might I use as a Computer Engineer?
Do I need experience to pursue a degree in Computer Engineering?
Do I need experience to start Computer Engineering at Penn State Behrend?
Do I need experience to start Computer Engineering at Behrend?
Do I need experience to start CMPEN at Penn State Behrend?
Do I need experience to start CMPEN at Behrend?
Will I have lots of competition while searching for a job as a Computer Engineer?
Is being a Computer Engineer competitive?
Do I need to be competitive to be a Computer Engineer?
What is the grade requirement for passing a class in Behrend?
What is considered a failing grade?
How does Behrend calculate a student's GPA?
How is GPA calculated?
How is student GPA calculated?
How do you calculate GPA?
How do you calculate your GPA?
How long should you spend reviewing notes?
How long does the average student spend reviewing notes?
About how long should I spend reviewing class notes?
How long should you spend doing homework?
How long does the average student spend doing homework?
About how long should I spend doing homework?
How long should it take to do homework?
How long should you spend doing assignments?
How long does the average student spend doing assignments?
About how long should I spend doing assignments?
How long should it take to do an assignment?
How long should it take to do assignments?
How much hands-on experience will a Computer Engineering student gain at Behrend?
How much hands-on experience will a CMPEN student gain at Penn State Behrend?
How much hands-on experience will a CMPEN student gain at Behrend?
How much hands-on experience will I gain at Behrend as a CMPEN student?
How much hands-on experience will I gain at Penn State Behrend as a CMPEN student?
How much hands-on experience will I gain at Penn State Behrend as a Computer Engineering student?
How are permit funds used at Behrend?
Why do I need to pay for a parking permit?
Why are parking permits so expensive?
What are the funds from purchasing permits used for?
Why do I need to pay for parking?
Why do I need to pay to park at Behrend?
Why do I need to pay to park at Penn State Behrend?
Where can I go to apply for scholarships?
What do I need to do to get a scholarship?
Where are scholarships?
What can I do to get a scholarship?
What are common commuter costs?
What additional costs might a commuter have?
How much does it cost to be a commuter?
Is being a commuter expensive?
What is a common class size at Penn State Behrend?
What is a typical class size at Behrend?
What is a common class size at Behrend?
What is the average class size?
How large are classes usually?
How large are classes?
How many people are usually in one class?
How many people are usually in a class?
What are the dorms like at Behrend?
What can I expect the dorms to be like at Penn State Behrend?
What can I expect the dorms to be like at Behrend?
Are the dorms good?
What are the dorms like?
How does SE differ from CMPEN?
How is SE different from CMPEN?
What's different about SE compared to CMPEN?
How do SE and CMPEN differ?
How does Software Engineering differ from Computer Engineering?
How is Software Engineering different from Computer Engineering?
What's different about Software Engineering compared to Computer Engineering?
How do Software Engineering and Computer Engineering differ?
What are common interests of Computer Engineers?
What are common hobbies of Computer Engineers?
What do most Computer Engineers enjoy doing?
What do a lot of Computer Engineers enjoy doing?
What type of experience is good for a student interested in pursuing CMPEN?
What kind of experience is good for a Computer Engineering student?
What kind of experience is good for a CMPEN student?
What is the cost of living in Erie, Pennsylvania?
What is the cost of living in Erie?
Is living in Erie, PA expensive?
Is living in Erie expensive?
Is living in Erie, Pennsylvania expensive?
What does it cost to live in Erie?
What does it cost to live in Erie, PA?
What does it cost to live in Erie, Pennsylvania?
Does Behrend have clubs or groups dedicated to engineering?
Are there any dedicated engineering groups or clubs?
Are there any engineering groups or clubs?
Does Behrend assist students in finding internships and employment opportunities?
Does Behrend assist students in finding internships?
Does Penn State Behrend assist students in finding internships?
Does Behrend assist students in finding job opportunities?
Does Penn State Behrend assist students in finding job opportunities?
Will Penn State Behrend help me find an internship?
Will Behrend help me find an internship?
What high school courses will prepare me for Computer Engineering?
What classes can I take, in high school, to better prepare myself for a degree in CMPEN?
What high school courses will prepare me for CMPEN?
What high school courses will prepare me for a degree in Computer Engineering?
What high school courses will prepare me for a degree in CMPEN?
Will I have access to engineering labs while at Penn State Behrend?
Will I have access to engineering labs while at Behrend?
Will I have access to engineering labs or other practical skill building classes while at Behrend?
Will I have access to practical skill building classes while at Penn State Behrend?
Will I have access to practical skill building classes while at Behrend?
Will I have access to labs while at Penn State Behrend?
Will I have access to labs while at Behrend?
Will I have access to labs or other practical skill building classes while at Behrend?
How cold is Erie?
How is Erie's winter?
How cold is Erie, PA?
How cold can it get here?
How cold is Erie, Pennsylvania?
How cold does Erie, PA get in the winter?
How cold can Erie, PA get?
How cold can Erie, Pennsylvania get?
Does Erie get a lot of snow?
How cold does Erie, Pennsylvania get in the winter?
When does winter start in Erie, PA?
When does winter start in Erie, Pennsylvania?
When does winter start?
When does winter start here?
When should I expect it to start being cold?
When should I expect winter to start?
When should I expect it to start being cold in Erie?
When should I expect winter to start in Erie?
When should I expect it to start being cold in Erie, PA?
When should I expect winter to start in Erie, PA?
When should I expect it to start being cold in Erie, Pennsylvania?
When should I expect winter to start in Erie, Pennsylvania?
Why does Penn State Behrend cost less than UP?
Why does Behrend cost less than University Park?
Why does Behrend cost less than UP?
Why does University Park cost more than Penn State Behrend?
Why does UP cost more than Penn State Behrend?
Why does University Park cost more than Behrend?
Why does UP cost more than Behrend?
Why is there a cost difference between University Park and Penn State Behrend?
Why is there a cost difference between UP and Penn State Behrend?
Why is there a cost difference between UP and Behrend?
Why is there a cost difference between Behrend and UP?
Why is there a cost difference between Penn State Behrend and UP?
Why is there a cost difference between Penn State Behrend and University Park?
What salary can expect as an entry level Computer Engineer?
What is the normal salary of an entry level Computer Engineer?
What sort of salary will I get as a new Computer Engineer?
What sort of salary will I get as an entry level Computer Engineer?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Computer Engineer right out of college?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as an entry level Computer Engineer?
What kind of salary can I expect if I pursue a career in Computer Engineering?
What kind of benefits can I expect if I pursue a career in Computer Engineering?
What kind of salary can I expect if I pursue a career in CMPEN?
What kind of benefits can I expect if I pursue a career in CMPEN?
What kind of salary and benefits can I expect, if I pursue a career in CMPEN?
What is the academic schedule that Penn State Behrend follows?
What type of academic schedule does Behrend follow?
What is the academic schedule that Behrend follows?
When does each semester start?
When does the Fall and Spring semesters start?
Where can I find the academic calendar?
What is the academic calendar that Penn State Behrend follows?
What type of academic calendar does Behrend follow?
What is the academic calendar that Behrend follows?
What type of academic calendar does Penn State Behrend follow?
How long is a semester?
How many weeks is a semester?
How many people are happy with being a Computer Engineer?
Is being a Computer Engineer satisfying?
Will I be happy as a Computer Engineer?
How many Computer Engineers are satisfied with their job?
What programs is Penn State Behrend known for?
Is Behrend well known for specific programs?
What programs is Behrend known for?
Are there any well known programs at Penn State Behrend?
Are there any well known programs at Behrend?
Are there any well known programs here?
How does CS differ from SWENG?
How is CS different from SWENG?
What's different about CS compared to SWENG?
How do CS and SWENG differ?
How does Computer Science differ from Software Engineering?
How is Computer Science different from Software Engineering?
What's different about Computer Science compared to Software Engineering?
How do Computer Science and Software Engineering differ?
Do CS students have classes with engineering students?
Will I be able to take classes with engineering students as a Computer Science student?
Will I be able to take classes with engineering students as a CS student?
Do CS students have classes with SWENG students?
Do CS students have classes with EE students?
Do CS students have classes with CMPEN students?
Do Computer Science students have classes with Software Engineering students?
Do Computer Science students have classes with Electrical Engineering students?
Do Computer Science students have classes with Computer Engineering students?
Do CS students have classes with Software Engineering students?
Do CS students have classes with Electrical Engineering students?
Do CS students have classes with Computer Engineering students?
How much do textbooks usually cost?
How much should I expect to spend on textbooks per semester?
How much should I expect to spend on textbooks?
What is the average cost of books per semester?
How much do books usually cost?
How much should I expect to spend on books per semester?
How much should I expect to spend on books?
Are books expensive?
How much are books?
Are textbooks expensive?
How much are textbooks?
Where can I eat?
What options are there for eating on campus?
Where can I eat on campus?
Where can I eat at Penn State Behrend?
Where can I eat at Behrend?
What options are there for eating at Behrend?
Is campus food healthy?
What options are there for eating at Penn State Behrend?
Can I take courses that are not on the academic plan?
How flexible are the RAPs?
How flexible is the RAP?
Can I take courses that are not in the RAP?
How flexible are the Recommended Academic Plans?
How flexible is the Recommended Academic Plan?
Can I take courses that are not in the Recommended Academic Plan?
Do I have to follow the academic plan?
Do I have to follow the RAP?
Do I have to follow the Recommended Academic Plan?
Is Behrend a party school?
Is this a party school?
Is there a lot of partying at Penn State Behrend?
Is there a lot of partying at Behrend?
Is there a lot of partying here?
What is the weather like in Erie, PA?
What is the weather like in Erie?
What is the weather like here?
What is the weather like there?
Is it cold in Erie, Pennsylvania?
Is it hot in Erie, Pennsylvania?
What sort of weather should I prepare for?
What kind of weather should I expect?
Is it cold in Erie, PA?
Is it hot in Erie, PA?
Is it cold in Erie?
Is it hot in Erie?
Is it cold here?
Is it hot here?
Is it cold there?
Is it hot there?
What will I do as a Computer Engineer?
What do you do when you're a Computer Engineer?
What do you do in Computer Engineering?
What is done in a career in Computer Engineering?
What can a Computer Engineer do?
Do I have to work in the United States as a Computer Engineer?
Can I get work outside of the United States as a Computer Engineer?
Can my degree take me to different parts of the world?
Where can my degree take me?
What can I research as a Computer Engineer?
What sort of research can I do as a Computer Engineer?
What kind of research can I do as a Computer Engineer?
What sort of research can I do in Computer Engineering?
What options are available for adult students?
Are there any services for adult students?
Where is the best place to seek assistance as an adult student?
Is there a way to make school more manageable when you are an adult student?
How much work does a Computer Engineering student have?
How much work should I expect to do as a Computer Engineering student?
How much work should I expect to do as a Computer Engineer?
What is the typical workload of a Computer Engineer?
How long should I spend working on assignments as a Computer Engineering student?
How many hours does a CMPEN student spend doing assignments each week?
How long should I spend working on assignments as a CMPEN student?
How long should I spend working on homework as a Computer Engineering student?
How many hours does a CMPEN student spend doing homework each week?
How long should I spend working on homework as a CMPEN student?
How many hours does a Computer Engineering student spend doing homework, each week?
What is the grading scale?
Does every class use the same grading scale?
Is the grading scale consistent?
Can someone teach me to study?
How am I graded in school?
What can I do to improve my grades?
What are good ways to get good grades?
what sort of support services are there to help maintain or improve GPA?
How can I improve my grades?
Does Behrend's library have digital textbooks?
Does Behrend use online textbooks?
Does Behrend use online books?
Does Penn State Behrend use online books?
Can I purchase online books?
Can I get online books?
Does Behrend sell textbooks online?
Does Behrend have a college bookstore?
Is there a college bookstore?
Is there a bookstore?
Is it more expensive to buy textbooks at a bookstore?
Is it more expensive to buy textbooks online?
What's cheaper, buying books online or buying them at the college bookstore?
Is it cheaper to purchase books at the bookstore or online?
Can I buy textbooks anywhere else than the bookstore?
Is it less expensive to buy books online or at the bookstore?
Are there any private bathrooms in campus housing?
Do guys and girls share bathrooms in campus housing?
What can I expect the bathrooms to be like in the dorms?
What are the bathrooms like?
Can I get soup on campus?
Can I purchase soup somewhere?
Has anyone been mugged on campus?
Have there been any sexual assaults on campus?
How often does crime happen at Behrend?
What is the crime rate at Behrend?
Does Behrend have law enforcement on campus?
Are there campus police?
Does Behrend have security guards?
What is the average number of credits per semester?
What's the average number of credits per semester?
What is the average number of credits per semester as an honor student?
What's the average number of credits per semester as an honor student?
What is the credit minimum for a semester?
What's the lowest number of credits I can take each semester?
How many credits do I have to take each semester?
What's the credit minimum for a semester?
What's the minimum amount of credits a student can take each semester?
Can I take less than 12 credits each semester?
Where can I learn more about the professors at Behrend?
Where can I find information about my professors?
Where can I find information about how good my professors are?
How many people study Computer Engineering each year?
How many students study CMPEN each year?
How many people study CMPEN each year?
Is the CMPEN program at Penn State Behrend accredited?
Is the CMPEN program at Behrend accredited?
Is the CMPEN program accredited?
Is the Computer Engineering program at Behrend accredited?
Is the Computer Engineering program accredited?
What majors are similar to CMPEN?
Are there majors similar to Computer Engineering?
Are there majors similar to CMPEN?
Is there a major that is similar to Computer Engineering?
Is there a major that is similar to CMPEN?
What is Behrend's sport nickname?
What is Behrend's sport name?
What is Behrend's sport teams called?
What's Behrend's sport nickname?
What's Behrend's sport name?
What's Behrend's sport teams called?
What is Penn State Behrend's sport name?
Where does the lion come from?
What is Penn State Behrend's sport teams called?
What is a good minor for a Computer Engineer?
What should I minor in as a Computer Engineer?
Is there a good minor for the Computer Engineering major?
Is there a good minor for the CMPEN major?
What can I do as a Software Engineer?
What will I do as a Software Engineer?
What does a Software Engineer do?
What do you do when you're a Software Engineer?
What do you do in Software Engineering?
What can a Software Engineer do?
What is done in a career in Software Engineering?
What courses should I take next semester?
Can someone tell me which courses to take next semester?
Is there a website that tells me which courses I need?
Which courses do I need next semester?
What can a Computer Scientist do?
What does a Computer Scientist do?
What do you do when you're a Computer Scientist?
What do you do in Computer Science?
What can I do as a Computer Scientist?
What will I do as a Computer Scientist?
What is done in career in Computer Science?
Where can I find out if a professor is reputable?
Where can I find out if Behrend is reputable?
Is Behrend a reputable school?
Are the professors at Behrend reputable?
Where can I find the reputation of the faculty?
Where can I find the reputation of the school?
Where can I find the reputation of Behrend?
Where can I find the reputation of Penn State Behrend?
Where can I find a job after graduation?
How can I find a job?
Will Behrend help me get a job?
Who can I talk to about finding a job?
What if I didn't get a job offer before graduating?
Does Behrend have resources for finding a job?
Is there a center on campus that can help me find a job?
Is there a career fair?
Will the career fair help me find a job?
What can I do if my grade does not reflect my work?
Who can I talk to if my grades aren't fair?
Who can I talk to if my professors aren't fair?
How can I talk to a professor about an unfair grade?
Do I have a good chance of finding a job right after graduating?
Will I find a job right after graduating?
How often do students find a job right after graduating?
Can I find a job right after graduating?
Is it difficult to find a job right after graduating?
How hard is it to find a job right after graduating?
Will I get confused during class?
Is it hard to understand the material taught?
Is it easy to understand the material taught?
Is it hard to understand the material?
Is it easy to understand the material?
Will what we learned in college be used in real life?
Will what we learned in college be used at work?
How can I use what I learned in class in real life?
How can I use what I learned in class at work?
What are the labs like on campus?
Is the equipment up-to-date?
What is the equipment like on campus?
Are the labs up-to-date?
Are the professors friendly?
Are the professors helpful?
Will I like the professors?
What expertise do the professors have?
Where can I find information about the work my professors do?
Are the professors likable?
Does Behrend offer technology and tools for learning?
Does Behrend create an environment for learning?
Will Behrend give me the tools I need to learn?
Will Behrend give me the tools I need to succeed?
Does Behrend have great technology?
What kind of tools and technology does Behrend offer?
Does Behrend offer scholarships?
Does Behrend offer loans?
How can I learn about financial aid?
Will I have to sacrifice eating to pay for my tuition?
Will I be in debt forever?
Can I live off-campus and drive in?
Will I be able to park on campus if I live off campus?
Do I have to live on campus?
Do I have to get a dorm?
Do I need to live on campus?
Will it be difficult to find campus parking?
Will it be difficult to find parking on campus?
How hard is it to find campus parking?
Should I expect delays when finding parking on campus?
How difficult is it to find parking on campus?
Is it hard to find parking on campus?
How is the campus?
What is the campus like in the winter?
What is the campus like in the summer?
What is the campus like in the spring?
What is the campus like in the fall?
Is the campus nice?
Do students get internships at Behrend?
How often do student get internships at Behrend?
Will I get an internship while at Behrend?
Is it hard to get an internship at Behrend?
If I'm at Behrend, will I get an internship?
Can I get an internship through Behrend?
Should I move to University Park?
Is University Park better than Behrend?
Is UP better than Behrend?
Why do people go to University Park?
What makes University Park better than Behrend?
Should I move to UP?
Should I go to UP?
What makes UP better than Behrend?
Why do people go to UP?
Is there any costs I will need to pay that I may not be expecting?
Are there any miscellaneous costs?
What are some unexpected costs?
Can I bring my game consoles to my dorm?
Can I bring my game consoles to Behrend?
Can I bring a game console to school?
Can I bring games to school?
Can I bring games to my dorm?
Can I bring my games to Behrend?
What are some items I should pack for my dorm?
Are there any commonly forgotten items when packing for a dorm?
What is something the dorms don't have?
Is there anything the dorms don't have?
Is there a specific computer that is recommended?
Do I need a specific kind of computer?
Is there a computer that works better at Behrend?
Can I get software for free?
Where can I get software for free?
Can I get programs for free?
Where can I get programs for free?
Is there a website for getting software for free?
What professors are in the engineering department?
How can I find out if a professor is in the engineering department?
How can I find a list of professors in the engineering department?
Where can I find a list of professors in the engineering department?
Are there a lot of professors in the engineering department?
Are there any campus jobs related to computer engineering?
Is there something I can do for money that is related to my major?
Can I work on computers at school?
Does Help Desk teach me skills for Computer Engineering?
Is it hard to get a job at the campus help desk?
Can I talk to a professor outside of class?
What are office hours?
How often do professors have office hours?
What do I do if I need to talk to a professor?
What do I do if I need to speak privately with a professor?
How can I find my Professors' office hours?
Do professors talk to their students outside of class?
Can I get tutored?
Is there tutoring?
What do I do if I need help in class?
Can someone help me with my homework?
Can someone help me study?
What do I do if I am struggling with a class?
How many tutors does Behrend have?
Are there any courses that are more difficult than the rest in Computer Engineering?
Are there any courses that are more difficult than the rest in CMPEN?
Are there any difficult courses in Computer Engineering?
Are there any difficult courses in CMPEN?
What are the most difficult courses in CMPEN?
Are there any fun courses in Computer Engineering?
Are there any fun courses in CMPEN?
Is there a fun Computer Engineering course?
Is there a fun CMPEN course?
Are there fun CMPEN courses?
What fun activities can I do, related to CMPEN?
Are there any Computer Engineering related activities that I can do?
Are there any CMPEN related activities that I can do?
Is this the best school for CMPEN?
Is Behrend the best college for CMPEN?
Is Penn State Behrend the best school for CMPEN?
Is Penn State Behrend the best college for CMPEN?
Is Behrend the best school for CMPEN?
Is this the best college for CMPEN?
Is Behrend the best college for Computer Engineering?
Is Penn State Behrend the best school for Computer Engineering?
Is Penn State Behrend the best college for Computer Engineering?
Is Behrend the best school for Computer Engineering?
Is this the best college for Computer Engineering?
Is CMPEN the best major for me?
Am I suited for CMPEN?
Will I be good at CMPEN?
Does CMPEN match my personality?
Am I suited for Computer Engineering?
Will I be good at Computer Engineering?
Does Computer Engineering match my personality?
Do I have to take an introductory CMPEN course?
Is there an introductory Computer Engineering course?
Is there an introductory CMPEN course?
Do I have to take an introductory CMPEN class?
Is there an introductory Computer Engineering class?
Is there an introductory CMPEN class?
Do I have to take an introductory Computer Engineering course?
What are the best things about a degree in CMPEN?
What's good about a degree in Computer Engineering?
What's good about majoring in Computer Engineering?
What's good about a degree in CMPEN?
What's good about majoring in CMPEN?
What are the worst things about a degree in CMPEN?
What's bad about a degree in Computer Engineering?
What's bad about majoring in Computer Engineering?
What's bad about a degree in CMPEN?
What's bad about majoring in CMPEN?
How does SE differ from EE?
How is SE different from EE?
What's different about SE compared to EE?
How do SE and EE differ?
How does Software Engineering differ from Electrical Engineering?
How is Software Engineering different from Electrical Engineering?
What's different about Software Engineering compared to Electrical Engineering?
How do Software Engineering and Electrical Engineering differ?
How can I switch my major to CMPEN?
Can I change my major to Computer Engineering?
How can I change my major to Computer Engineering?
Can I change my major to CMPEN?
How can I change my major to CMPEN?
Do Computer Engineers get hired by big companies?
Will I be able to get a job at Google, Microsoft, Amazon, or Facebook as a Computer Engineer?
Will I be able to get a job at big companies like Google, Microsoft, Amazon, or Facebook as a Computer Engineer?
Will I be able to get a job at big companies as a Computer Engineer?
How likely am I to get a job at Google, Microsoft, Amazon, or Facebook as a Computer Engineer?
Can I study CMPEN at another campus?
Do I have to study Computer Engineering at Behrend?
Do I have to study CMPEN at Behrend?
Do I need to have the prerequisite courses done?
Should I have prerequisite courses done?
What's the benefit of doing prerequisite courses?
What is the benefit of doing prerequisite courses?
How many courses, in CMPEN, are offered per semester?
How many Computer Engineering courses are offered per semester?
How many CMPEN courses are offered per semester?
Why do I need math courses as a Computer Engineer?
Why am I required to take so many math courses as a Computer Engineer?
Why am I required to take math courses as a Computer Engineer?
What benefit do math courses provide to a Computer Engineer?
Why do I need science courses as a Computer Engineer?
Why am I required to take so many science courses as a Computer Engineer?
Why am I required to take science courses as a Computer Engineer?
What benefit do science courses provide to a Computer Engineer?
How do Behrend's parking fees compare to other campuses?
How do the parking fees here compare to other campuses?
Are Behrend's parking fees more expensive than other campuses?
Are Behrend's parking fees less expensive than other campuses?
Does Behrend have resources for people who want to create their own company?
Does Behrend have resources for someone aspiring to be an entrepreneur?
Does Behrend have resources for students aspiring to be entrepreneurs?
Will Behrend help me become an entrepreneur?
Is it possible to create your own research project, while at Behrend?
Can I do my own research at Behrend?
Can I do my own research at Penn State Behrend?
Can I start my own research project at Behrend?
Can I start my own research project at Penn State Behrend?
What's the benefit of being in a small school?
What is the benefit of being in a small school?
Is attending a small school a good thing?
Should I attend a small school?
Why should I attend a small school?
What's the benefit of a small class?
What is the benefit of a small class?
Is being in a small class a good thing?
Should I take a small class?
What CMPEN classes should I take before transferring to UP?
What CMPEN classes should I take before transferring to University Park?
What CMPEN courses should I take before transferring to UP?
What CMPEN courses should I take before transferring to University Park?
What Computer Engineering courses should I take before transferring to University Park?
What Computer Engineering courses should I take before transferring to UP?
What Computer Engineering classes should I take before transferring to University Park?
Is there something I can do as a Computer Engineer that might not be considered Computer Engineering?
What are some jobs that Computer Engineers can do that aren't in CMPEN?
Is there something I can do as a Computer Engineer that might not be considered CMPEN?
Where can I go to look for a job on campus?
Where can I find on campus jobs?
Where can I find jobs on campus?
Is there a website for jobs on campus?
Can I create a new club?
Can I make my own club?
What if there are no clubs that interest me?
None of the current clubs interest me, can I make my own?
Is there a common line between the introductory computer science courses?
What is the relationship between the introductory CS courses?
Is there a common line between the introductory CS courses?
Can I study abroad?
What study abroad opportunities does Behrend offer?
Does Behrend offer study abroad opportunities?
Where can I find study abroad opportunities?
Is college different from high school?
How is college different from high school?
Is college more work than high school?
Should I expect college to be more work than high school?
Can I take some college courses while in high school?
Will Behrend let me take their courses while in high school?
Can I start taking classes while in high school?
Can I take college classes in high school?
What can I do after I get a major in Computer Engineering?
What can I do after I get a major in CMPEN?
What will a Computer Engineering degree allow me to do?
What will a CMPEN degree allow me to do?
What can I do with a CMPEN degree?
What can I do with a Computer Engineering degree?
What resources can I use to learn Computer Engineering on my own?
What resources can I use to learn CMPEN on my own?
What are some good resources for learning CMPEN on my own?
Will I like Penn State Behrend?
Will I be a good fit for Behrend?
Will I like Behrend?
I'm failing a class, what can I do?
I'm not doing so well in a class, is there anything that can help me?
Is there any resources I can use to improve my grades when I'm failing?
What can I do if I'm failing?
Does Computer Science or Computer Engineering require more logic?
Which needs more logic: Computer Science or CMPEN?
Which needs more logic: CS or Computer Engineering?
Which needs more logic: CS or CMPEN?
Does CS or Computer Engineering require more logic?
Does Computer Science or CMPEN require more logic?
Does CS or CMPEN require more logic?
Is Behrend pretty?
What is the scenery like at Behrend?
Does Behrend have a beautiful campus?
Does Behrend have beautiful scenery?
What is the area around Behrend like?
Is Computer Engineering a relevant major at Penn State Behrend?
Is Computer Engineering a relevant major at Behrend?
Is CMPEN a relevant major at Behrend?
How relevant is CMPEN at Penn State Behrend?
How relevant is CMPEN at Behrend?
What's a profession I probably won't get as a Computer Engineer?
Are there any professions I can't do as a Computer Engineer?
How long should I be studying?
How long should studying take?
How long should I spend preparing for an exam?
Where can I find information about transferrable credits?
How can I find out if my credits will transfer to Behrend?
How can I find out if my credits will transfer to Penn State Behrend?
Are there any companies that hire Computer Engineers a lot?
Are there any companies I should look into as a Computer Engineer?
Are there any famous Computer Engineers?
Can I know who some famous Computer Engineers are?
Does Behrend host hackathons?
Can I participate in hackathons while at Behrend?
Does Behrend run any hackathons?
What does it mean to be an Honors student?
What's an honors class?
What do I get out of participating in the honors program?
What does it mean to be in the Honors program?
What does the Honors program give me?
Why should I join the Behrend Honors program?
Should I become an honors student?
Should I take honors classes?
Will being an honors student separate me from other students?
Will I still be able to take classes with my friends as an honor student?
Will Honors courses count towards my degree?
Will it be difficult to complete Honors credits?
Is it hard to meet the minimum honor credit requirements?
Are honors courses hard?
Are honors courses difficult?
Is any course with an H in the name considered an honors course?
What courses are honors courses?
What classes are honors classes?
How do honors courses differ from normal courses?
How are honors courses different?
What makes honors courses special?
Do I need a specific GPA to take an honors course?
What GPA do I need to be an Honors student?
Does my GPA need to be high to be a honors student?
Can I get a meal plan as a commuter?
Do commuters get meal plans?
Is there a quiet place to study on campus?
Where do people usually study?
Where's a good place to study?
Can I go to the library to study?
Why should I get a Flu Shot?
What benefit does a Flu Shot provide?
Will a Flu Shot really help me?
Do I need to pay to ride the bus?
How much does the campus bus cost?
Is it expensive to ride the bus around campus?
Will the bus get me to class on time?
Does the bus show up at the same time daily?
Is the bus reliable?
Will the bus show up on time?
Are there any engineering programs with certificates?
What engineering certificates can I get?
Can I see a list of what I need to get a Penn State ID Card?
What do I need to get an ID card?
Is there anything I need to bring to get an ID card?
What can I do with LionCash?
Why should I use LionCash?
Is LionCash good to use?
Is LionCash better than paying with a credit card?
Where can I register for courses?
Is there a site that I can use to register for courses?
Do I have to go to the registrar to register for courses?
Will I be guaranteed on-campus housing as a first year?
Do first year students get guaranteed on-campus housing?
Are first year students guaranteed on-campus housing at Behrend?
Why should I do extracurricular activities?
Are extracurricular activities worth the time?
How will extracurricular activities help me in the future?
Do I have to declare my major in the first year of college?
Should I declare my major during my first year?
I'm still unsure about my major but I am reaching the end of my first year, should I declare it?
Should I sell my used textbooks?
Is there a benefit to selling my used textbooks?
Should I keep my textbooks or sell them?
How can I stay active while in college?
Do you have any advice for staying active while in college?
How can I stay fit while in college?
What is the first year of college like?
Is the first year of college stressful?
What should I expect in the first year of college?
What is a co-op internship?
What is FAFSA?
Do you advice for managing time in college?
What's the best way to manage time in college?
Are there any good time management strategies for a college student?
What does it mean to shadow someone in a job?
What does it mean to shadow someone?
Can I take my pet with me to college?
Can my pet stay in the dorm with me?
Am I allowed to take my pet to college?
What is the campus pet policy?
Will campus housing affect my college experience?
Should I consider campus housing?
Why should I get campus housing?
Is there a benefit to living on campus?
Is the freshman fifteen avoidable?
What are ways to avoid the freshman fifteen?
Does everyone encounter the freshman fifteen?
What does it mean when you lose all interest to work in your senior year?
I'm a senior and I have lost my motivation, what's happening?
Is senioritis avoidable?
What are ways to avoid senioritis?
Does everyone encounter senioritis?
Are classes usually lecture-based?
Are classes usually discussion-based?
What are classes like?
What are some good professors at Behrend?
Are there any professors that stand out more than the rest?
What are the chances that I will get to take the courses I want?
Am I guaranteed to get the courses I need?
Will I be able to get the courses on my RAP every semester?
How can I be sure to get the courses I need?
Will I be able to get the courses on my Recommended Academic Plan every semester?
Is the Wifi slow?
Is the Wi-Fi fast?
Is the Wi-Fi reliable?
How can I change my major?
How easy is it to change my major?
Can I change my major whenever I want?
Are finals more likely to be exams or a project?
Are finals usually exams, essays, or projects?
How likely am I to get an essay final exam?
When is the library open?
When does the library close?
Is the library open at night?
Does Behrend offer any learning disability resources?
What can I do if I am suffering from a learning disability?
I have trouble taking exams, is there someone that can help me?
What resources are there for international students?
Is there a resource specifically for international students?
Where can I go for assistance as an international student?
Is it easy to make an appointment with my advisor?
Will my advisor be willing to speak with me at any time?
Can I speak with my advisor?
Will my advisor help me?
Does my advisor have the information to assist me?
What can my advisor help me with?
What can health services do?
What is the advantage of health services?
When should I consider visiting health services?
Is there somewhere I can go to discuss my career?
Is there somewhere I can go to discuss my major?
I have an eating disorder, will the dining halls accommodate it?
Where can I eat if I have an eating disorder?
Is it safe to eat in the dining halls with an eating disorder?
Can I switch rooms?
Are there limitations to switching dorm rooms?
Can I change my dorm room?
What is a good hang out spot on campus?
Where do people usually hang out on campus?
Is there a specific location on campus that students like to hang out at?
Is Penn State Behrend ethnically diverse?
How many different races are at Behrend?
How ethnically diverse is Behrend?
How many students go home during the weekends?
Do students go home during the weekends?
Do students stay at school during the weekends?
Can I get around off campus without a car?
Do I need a car?
Is there transportation off campus?
Do students usually work part-time?
What percentage of students work part-time?
Should I work part-time?
What makes Penn State Behrend unique?
What's special about Behrend?
What's unique about Behrend?
Is there a large amount of international students?
Are there a lot of clubs at Behrend?
How many clubs are at Behrend?
Are sports important to Behrend?
How important are Behrend's sports team?
Does Behrend have a lot of sports teams?
How can I make friends?
What can I do to make a friend?
When is the supply room open?
When does the supply room close?
Is the supply room open all the time?
What is the Accounting Club for?
What is the purpose of the Accounting Club?
What will I do in the Accounting Club?
What is the Art Club for?
What is the purpose of the Art Club?
What will I do in the Art Club?
What is the Auto Club for?
What is the purpose of the Auto Club?
What will I do in the Auto Club?
What is the Beasts of Behrend for?
What is the purpose of the Beasts of Behrend?
What will I do in the Beasts of Behrend?
What is the Behrend Beacon Club for?
What is the purpose of the Behrend Beacon Club?
What will I do in the Behrend Beacon Club?
What is the Behrend Chess Club for?
What is the purpose of the Behrend Chess Club?
What will I do in the Behrend Chess Club?
What is the Behrend Communication Networks Club for?
What is the purpose of the Behrend Communication Networks Club?
What will I do in the Behrend Communication Networks Club?
What is the Behrend Gaming Club for?
What is the purpose of the Behrend Gaming Club?
What will I do in the Behrend Gaming Club?
What is the Behrend Design Group for?
What is the purpose of the Behrend Design Group?
What will I do in the Behrend Design Group?
What is the Behrend Musicians Club for?
What is the purpose of the Behrend Musicians Club?
What will I do in the Behrend Musicians Club?
What is the Behrend Off-Roading Club for?
What is the purpose of the Behrend Off-Roading Club?
What will I do in the Behrend Off-Roading Club?
What is the Behrend Robotics Club for?
What is the purpose of the Behrend Robotics Club?
What will I do in the Behrend Robotics Club?
What is the Behrend Students Against Violence Everywhere Club for?
What is the purpose of the Behrend Students Against Violence Everywhere Club?
What will I do in the Behrend Students Against Violence Everywhere Club?
What is the Biology Club for?
What is the purpose of the Biology Club?
What will I do in the Biology Club?
What is the Bread Circus Club for?
What is the purpose of the Bread Circus Club?
What will I do in the Bread Circus Club?
What is the Chemistry Club for?
What is the purpose of the Chemistry Club?
What will I do in the Chemistry Club?
What is the Chinese Cultural Advancement Club for?
What is the purpose of the Chinese Cultural Advancement Club?
What will I do in the Chinese Cultural Advancement Club?
What is the Circle K for?
What is the purpose of the Circle K?
What will I do in the Circle K?
What is the College Democrats for?
What is the purpose of the College Democrats?
What will I do in the College Democrats?
What is the College Republicans for?
What is the purpose of the College Republicans?
What will I do in the College Republicans?
What is the Cru for?
What is the purpose of the Cru?
What will I do in the Cru?
What is the Cultural Cooking Club for?
What is the purpose of the Cultural Cooking Club?
What will I do in the Cultural Cooking Club?
What is the Dance Team for?
What is the purpose of the Dance Team?
What will I do in the Dance Team?
What is the Disc Golf Club for?
What is the purpose of the Disc Golf Club?
What will I do in the Disc Golf Club?
What is the Diverse Organization of Photo & Video Enthusiasts for?
What is the purpose of the Diverse Organization of Photo & Video Enthusiasts?
What will I do in the Diverse Organization of Photo & Video Enthusiasts?
What is the Engineers Without Borders for?
What is the purpose of the Engineers Without Borders?
What will I do in the Engineers Without Borders?
What is the Equestrian Club for?
What is the purpose of the Equestrian Club?
What will I do in the Equestrian Club?
What is the Financial Management Association for?
What is the purpose of the Financial Management Association?
What will I do in the Financial Management Association?
What is the Financial Planning Association Club for?
What is the purpose of the Financial Planning Association Club?
What will I do in the Financial Planning Association Club?
What is the Game Developer's Club for?
What is the purpose of the Game Developer's Club?
What will I do in the Game Developer's Club?
What is the Greener Behrend for?
What is the purpose of the Greener Behrend?
What will I do in the Greener Behrend?
What is the Hockey Club for?
What is the purpose of the Hockey Club?
What will I do in the Hockey Club?
What is the Just 'Cuz for?
What is the purpose of the Just 'Cuz?
What will I do in the Just 'Cuz?
What is the Management Information Systems Club for?
What is the purpose of the Management Information Systems Club?
What will I do in the Management Information Systems Club?
What is the Marketing Club for?
What is the purpose of the Marketing Club?
What will I do in the Marketing Club?
What is the Martial Arts Club for?
What is the purpose of the Martial Arts Club?
What will I do in the Martial Arts Club?
What is the Math Club for?
What is the purpose of the Math Club?
What will I do in the Math Club?
What is the Nanashi: The Anime Club for?
What is the purpose of the Nanashi: The Anime Club?
What will I do in the Nanashi: The Anime Club?
What is the Outdoors Club for?
What is the purpose of the Outdoors Club?
What will I do in the Outdoors Club?
What is the Pathfinders for?
What is the purpose of the Pathfinders?
What will I do in the Pathfinders?
What is the PC Gaming Club for?
What is the purpose of the PC Gaming Club?
What will I do in the PC Gaming Club?
What is the Penn State Behrend Airsoft Club for?
What is the purpose of the Penn State Behrend Airsoft Club?
What will I do in the Penn State Behrend Airsoft Club?
What is the Penn State Behrend Entrepreneur Club for?
What is the purpose of the Penn State Behrend Entrepreneur Club?
What will I do in the Penn State Behrend Entrepreneur Club?
What is the Penn State Behrend Model United Nations Club for?
What is the purpose of the Penn State Behrend Model United Nations Club?
What will I do in the Penn State Behrend Model United Nations Club?
What is the Penn State Sailing Club for?
What is the purpose of the Penn State Sailing Club?
What will I do in the Penn State Sailing Club?
What is the Physics and Astronomy Society for?
What is the purpose of the Physics and Astronomy Society?
What will I do in the Physics and Astronomy Society?
What is the Plastics Engineering Club for?
What is the purpose of the Plastics Engineering Club?
What will I do in the Plastics Engineering Club?
What is the Project Paws for?
What is the purpose of the Project Paws?
What will I do in the Project Paws?
What is the PSB Performance Band for?
What is the purpose of the PSB Performance Band?
What will I do in the PSB Performance Band?
What is the PSB Racquet Club for?
What is the purpose of the PSB Racquet Club?
What will I do in the PSB Racquet Club?
What is the Psychology Club for?
What is the purpose of the Psychology Club?
What will I do in the Psychology Club?
What is the Reality Check for?
What is the purpose of the Reality Check?
What will I do in the Reality Check?
What is the Ski & Ride Club for?
What is the purpose of the Ski & Ride Club?
What will I do in the Ski & Ride Club?
What is the Soccer Club for?
What is the purpose of the Soccer Club?
What will I do in the Soccer Club?
What is the Behrend Fencing Group for?
What is the purpose of the Behrend Fencing Group?
What will I do in the Behrend Fencing Group?
What is the Project and Supply Chain Management Club for?
What is the purpose of the Project and Supply Chain Management Club?
What will I do in the Project and Supply Chain Management Club?
What is the Ultimate Frisbee Club for?
What is the purpose of the Ultimate Frisbee Club?
What will I do in the Ultimate Frisbee Club?
What is the Volleyball Club for?
What is the purpose of the Volleyball Club?
What will I do in the Volleyball Club?
What is the Behrend Benefitting Thon for?
What is the purpose of the Behrend Benefitting Thon?
What will I do in the Behrend Benefitting Thon?
Where can I find my advisor?
How can I find out who my advisor is?
Where can I find who my advisor is?
Is there someone I can speak to if I feel threatened?
What should I do if I feel threatened?
Where can I find my professor's office hours?
Where would my professor put his office hours?
What are my professor's office hours?
Where can I get coffee?
Where can I get good coffee?
Is there a good place for coffee on campus?
Is there a website for lab schedules?
Is there a place that I can check lab schedules at?
Do I have to be at Behrend to check lab schedules?
What is the website for checking lab schedules?
Where should I go to look for lab schedulers?
Where can I find lab schedules?
Are there rooms for working or studying in groups?
Can I work or study in a group on campus?
Does the library offer a place to work as a group?
What does the library offer?
What can I do at the library other than read?
Is the library good for anything other than books?
Is there a place that I can go for a phone interview?
I need a quiet room for an interview, where can I go?
I need a quiet room, where can I go?
Are there any gaming clubs?
What clubs are connected to gaming?
Can anyone participate in a hackathon?
Can I participate in a hackathon?
What's required to participate in a hackathon?
How much does it cost to participate in a hackathon?
How much is a hackathon?
Are hackathons expensive?
Does it cost money to participate in a hackathon?
Can I smoke on campus?
Is it legal to smoke on campus?
Can I smoke anywhere?
Is there anywhere I can take my kid while I am at classes?
Is there a daycare near Penn State Behrend?
Is there a daycare near Behrend?
Do I need to be back by a specific time if I live in the dorms?
Are there curfews for the dorms?
Are there any dorm curfews?
Do I need to wear specific clothing?
Will I receive a penalty for wearing inappropriate clothing?
What is Behrend's dress code?
Do I need to pay for WiFi on campus?
Is WiFi expensive?
How much is WiFi?
How much does the on campus WiFi cost?
Where can I find information about my professor's research interests?
Can I look up my professor's research interests?
Can I find my professor's research interests somewhere?
Can I take courses online?
Are there web courses?
What does it mean when a course is a Web course?
What is a web course?
Will a web course be hard?
How difficult are web courses?
How do web courses differ from normal courses?
How difficult are online courses?
Will an online course be hard?
How do online courses differ from normal courses?
Do web courses take more or less work than normal courses?
How difficult are web classes?
How do web classes differ from normal classes?
How difficult are online classes?
How do online classes differ from normal classes?
Do web classes take more or less work than normal classes?
Can I drink alcohol on campus?
What does it mean that Behrend is a dry campus?
What is a dry campus?
Is Behrend a dry campus?
There's a problem with my degree audit, who can help?
What should I do if my degree audit is incorrect?
Who can I talk to about problems with my degree audit?
Should I do something if there is a problem with my degree audit?
Should I do something if my degree audit is incorrect?
What's the average number of tests per semester?
How many tests will I have to take?
Are there a lot of tests?
Are there a lot of exams?
What's the average number of exams per semester?
How many exams will I have to take?
How many exams are there per semester usually?
Do I need to attend classes?
How important is attendance?
Is attendance a big deal?
Should I attend classes?
Can I skip classes?
How large is Behrend?
How big is Behrend?
Is Behrend a big campus?
Are there a lot of buildings on campus?
Does Behrend have a lot of buildings?
How many buildings does Behrend have?
Is Behrend urban?
Is Behrend suburban?
Is Behrend rural?
Will I be separated from someone of the opposite gender in the dorms?
Are women and men separated in the dorms?
Are men and women separated in the dorms?
Are men and women separated in on-campus housing?
Does anything fun happen on campus?
Does Behrend do anything fun?
Are there any events at Behrend?
Is there anything I can do for fun on campus?
How does dropping a course and withdrawing differ?
Is dropping course different from withdrawing from a course?
Is dropping a class different from withdrawing from a class?
What's the difference between dropping a class and withdrawing?
How does dropping a class and withdrawing differ?
Why would I drop a course?
Should I drop a course?
What's the benefit of dropping a course?
Why would I drop a class?
Should I drop a class?
What's the benefit of dropping a class?
What are the benefits of dropping a class?
Will I do well in computer engineering as a women?
Do women do well in computer engineering?
Are women successful in CMPEN?
Will I do well in CMPEN as a women?
Do women do well in CMPEN?
Do I need to know databases as a software engineer?
Do I need to know networking as a software engineer?
Why do I need to know databases as a software engineer?
Why do I need to know networking as a software engineer?
Where are the health centers?
How many health centers are there?
Where can I find the health centers?
Is there a health center in burke?
Is there a health center near reed?
Is there a health center near hammermill?
Is there a health center near OBS?
Which programming languages can be used in CS?
What programming languages might I use as a Computer Scientist?
What programming languages will I learn in the Computer Science major?
What are some common programming languages in Computer Science?
Show me a list of programming languages used in CS.
What languages can I use or learn in CS?
What major is related to Artificial Intelligence?
What should I study in order to go into Artificial Intelligence?
What kind of salary will I have as an Artificial Intelligence Professional?
What are some examples of applications with Artificial Intelligence?
What can I use Artificial Intelligence for?
What are some ways that Artificial Intelligence has been used?
Are there different kinds of Artificial Intelligence?
Are there subcategories of Artificial Intelligence?
What are the branches of Artificial Intelligence?
Are there different divisions within Artificial Intelligence?
Do I need to major in Software Engineering to be a Software Engineer?
Do I have to do Computer Science if I major in Computer Science?
Do I have to do Computer Science if I major in CS?
What skills should I have to be a Computer Scientist?
What are necessary skills for a Computer Scientist?
What are Beneficial Skills for CS Students
What skills should I obtain for majoring in CS
What skills should CS Students have?
Are there any necessary skills for a Computer Science student?
What is a software engineer?
Are there some things people think Software Engineers should be able to do?
Can I see a list of tasks you would do as a Software Engineer?
What are typical tasks as a Software Engineer?
How much do Computer Engineers earn
What is the salary of Computer Engineers
How much do Computer Engineers make?
What are the components of Computer Science theory?
What should I study to learn more about Computer Science theory?
What does Computer Science Theory consist of?
What Computer Engineering certifications exist?
Are there any computer engineering certifications?
Does Behrend offer any computer engineering certifications?
What is the benefit of getting a computer engineering certification?
Why should I get a computer engineering certification?
Is a computer engineering certification worth the time?
Is a computer engineering certification worth the money?
Will becoming a Computer Systems Analyst benefit me in the future?
What does the Computer Systems Analyst job growth look like?
Does the future look promising for a Computer Systems Analyst?
Is it a good idea to become a Computer Systems Analyst?
Will becoming a Computer and Information Research Scientist benefit me in the future?
What does the computer and information research scientist job growth look like?
Does the future look promising for a computer and information research scientist?
Is it a good idea to become a computer and information research scientist?
What is a Computer Engineer?
What is Computer Information Systems about?
What is Computer Information Systems?
What is IT?
What is Information Technology?
What is Computer Forensic?
Does the focus of a Computer Engineering Degree lean more towards software or hardware.
Will a Computer Engineering Degree help me understand the difference between software and hardware
Is there a clear understanding the difference between hardware and software when acquiring a Computer Engineering Degree
Are the professors clear and concise when differentiating between hardware and software.
Do I need to take a lot of math courses as a Computer Scientist?
Does a CS Degree Require A Lot of Math Courses
What math courses are involved with a computer science degree
Is Computer Science very math focused?
Is CS very math focused?
Can I get a job in healthcare with a Computer Science degree?
Can I apply for a job in healthcare as a Computer Science?
Can I get a job related to health care as a Computer Scientist?
What courses will I take as a Computer Engineer?
What is the General Coursework in a CMPEN Degree
How are algorithms analyzed in Computer Science?
Are algorithms analyzed in Computer Science?
How are algorithms analyzed in CS?
How Algorithms Are Analyzed in CS
What is an algorithm?
Are algorithms analyzed in CS?
How is P vs NP used in Computer Science?
Is P vs NP important in Computer Science?
What is P vs NP?
Can I develop good communication skills if I love computers?
Is it important to develop good communication skills?
Should I develop good communication skills?
How can I improve my communication skills?
Is there a place I can go to search for masters programs for Computer Design?
Is there a list of potential master programs for Computer Design?
Can Behrend help me find a master's program in Computer Design?
What affect does Social Media have on Information Technology Professionals?
Does Social Media affect Information Technology Professionals?
Do I need to know Social Media as an Information Technology Professional?
What are some ways to keep up with changing technology as an IT professional?
Is there a way to keep up with changing technology as an IT professional?
How long will it take me to get a master's degree?
Will it take a long time to earn a master's degree?
What's the average amount of time it takes to complete a master's degree?
What is the average amount of time it takes to complete a master's degree?
How long does it usually take to finish a master's degree?
Will getting a master's degree increase my salary?
Is it worth getting a master's degree?
How much extra money will I make with a master's degree instead of a bachelor's degree?
How much will it cost to get a master's degree in Computer Science?
Is it expensive to get a master's degree in Computer Science?
How can I become a Computer and Information Research Scientist?
What courses should I take to become a Computer and Information Research Scientist?
What major is close to the Computer and Information Research Scientist job?
What should I study to become a Computer and Information Research Scientist?
What major will allow me to become a Computer and Information Research Scientist?
How can I get a job in Computer Forensics?
What are usual requirements for getting a job in Computer Forensics?
What skills do I need to get a job in Computer Forensics?
What does a Computer Forensic do?
What are usual tasks of a Computer Forensic?
What jobs are similar to a Computer Forensic?
What jobs work with Computer Forensics?
Are there specific jobs for Computer Forensics?
What can I do with knowledge of Computer Forensics?
Is Computer Science similar to Computer Forensics?
Can I get a job as a Computer Forensic with a Computer Science degree?
Can I work with Computer Forensics despite majoring in Computer Science?
How can I start a blog for computer science?
Should I start a blog for computer science?
What should I keep in mind when creating a blog for computer science?
How can I become an IT Project Manager?
What should I study to become an IT Project Manager?
What skills should I have to be an IT project manager?
What will I be responsible for as an IT project manager?
What is an Information Security Analyst responsible for?
What tasks does an Information Security Analyst usually do?
Is it a good idea to become an Information Security Analyst?
What does the future look like for Information Security Analysts?
What is the job outlook for an Information Security Analyst?
What should I study to become an Information Security Analyst?
What skills should I have to become an Information Security Analyst?
What is the salary of an Information Security Analyst?
How much does an Information Security Analyst make?
What's the average income for an Information Security Analyst?
what is the job outlook for computer science?
How does the future look for computer scientists?
Is it a good idea to become a computer scientist?
What is the career outlook for computer science
Will I be good at computer science?
Will I understand computer science?
Is computer science rewarding to me?
Why should I go into Computer Science?
Should I go into Computer Science?
What are some important things to know about Computer Science?
Is CS the same as programming
Is there a lot of programming in CS?
Is there a lot of coding in CS?
Is there a lot of coding in Computer Science?
Is there a lot of programming in computer science?
I'm good at coding, should I study computer science?
I'm good at coding, what major should I study?
Is there a major for programming?
Is there a major for coding?
What should I study if I'm good at programming?
Will engineering be fun for me?
Will I understand things in engineering?
Will I enjoy Engineering?
What's a brief description of engineering?
Briefly describe engineering?
Give an explanation of engineering
What is engineering?
Do engineers help others?
What can engineers do to help others?
Are engineers helpful?
Will becoming an engineer help others?
Can I go into education with a computer science major?
Can I become a professor with a computer science degree?
Can I become a teacher with a computer science degree?
Can I teach people about Computer Science with a Computer Science major?
Can I go into education with a software engineering major?
Can I become a professor with a software engineering degree?
Can I become a teacher with a software engineering degree?
Can I teach people about software engineering with a software engineering major?
What courses should I take when studying Computer Forensics?
What classes are good for Computer Forensics?
What classes are required for Computer Forensics?
What courses do I need to take for Computer Forensics?
What kind of research can I do in Artificial Intelligence?
What sort of research can I do in Artificial Intelligence?
Can I do research in Artificial Intelligence?
Is there anything I should know before applying to research in Artificial Intelligence (AI)
What are key things to consider when researching Artificial Intelligence (AI)
What makes Silicon Valley good for computer scientists?
Is Silicon Valley a good place for Computer Scientists?
Is Silicon Valley a good place to go after graduating as a Computer Science major?
Will becoming a Software Developer benefit me in the future?
What does the Software Developer job growth look like?
Does the future look promising for a Software Developer?
Is it a good idea to become a Software Developer?
What's the average salary for a Software Developer?
What is the salary of a Software Developer?
How much does a software developer make?
How much does a software developer earn?
What specializations are there in Computer Engineering?
Are there different branches of Computer Engineering?
Are there different areas of Computer Engineering that I can specialize in?
Can I specialize in an area of Computer Engineering?
What are the branches of Computer Engineering?
What's the difference between high and low level programming?
What's the difference between high level programming and low level programming?
What's the difference between high level and low level programming?
How does High Level and Low Level Programming differ?
Briefly describe high-level programming
Can you explain what high level programming is?
Explain high level programming
Briefly describe low-level programming
Can you explain what low level programming is?
Explain low level programming
What's the average salary for a Web Designer?
What is the salary of a Web Designer?
How much does a Web Designer make?
How much does a Web Designer earn?
Will becoming a Web Designer benefit me in the future?
What does the Web Designer job growth look like?
Does the future look promising for a Web Designer?
Is it a good idea to become a Web Designer?
Explain what a Web developer is
What does a Web Developer do?
Briefly describe a web developer
What courses should I take for Computer Science?
What  classes should I take for Computer Science?
Where can I find what courses I need to take for Computer Science?
What can I do as a Web Designer?
What are typical tasks of a Web Designer?
Does Behrend offer a Web Design degree?
Is there a Web Design major?
What classes can I take to become a Web Designer?
How can I become a Web Designer?
What jobs can I do with an Applied Computing Technology (ACT) degree?
Where can I find jobs that are related to Applied Computing Technology(ACT)?
What classes should I take for Mobile Computing?
How can I learn Mobile Computing?
Are there any good courses at Behrend for Mobile Computing?
Briefly describe mobile development?
Can you explain mobile development?
What is Mobile Development?
What Are Fundamental Skills Necessary for Mobile Development
What essential skill for Mobile Development
Are there any skills I should have to do mobile development?
What are good skills to have for mobile development?
What classes should I take for Mobile Development?
How can I learn Mobile Development?
Are there any good courses at Behrend for Mobile Development?
Show me some useful information about mobile computing
Briefly describe mobile computing?
Can you explain mobile computing?
What is a Computer and Information Research Scientist?
What are typical tasks of a computer and information research scientist?
What kind of jobs can a Computer and Information Research Scientist do?
What research is aligned with discrete mathematics, computation theory, or algorithms and data structures?
I like discrete mathematics, computation theory, and algorithms and data structures. What kind of research can I do?
What is a Algorithm Specialist?
What are typical tasks of an Algorithm Specialist?
What kind of jobs can an Algorithm Specialist do?
I enjoy optimizing algorithms, what can I do?
I like to write and improve algorithms, is there a career that involves that?
I like optimizing algorithms, what can I do?
I enjoy writing and improving algorithms, is there a career that involves that?
Are there any companies that hire Applied Computing Technology (ACT) a lot?
Where can I apply for a job as an Applied Computing Technology(ACT)?
What kind of companies hire Applied Computing Technology (ACT)?
What is the Computer Science program like?
What is it like to get a degree in Computer Science at Behrend?
What is it like to major in Computer Science at Behrend?
What job opportunities are there for a Computer Scientist?
What tasks might I be doing as a Computer Scientist?
Should I major in Computer science?
What is the benefit of majoring in Computer Science?
What are common jobs a Computer Scientist can apply for?
Are there any companies that hire Computer Scientists a lot?
Where can I apply for a job as an Computer Scientist?
What kind of companies hire Computer Science majors?
What job opportunities are there for a Computer Science major?
What tasks might I be doing with a Computer Science major?
What are common jobs someone with a Computer Science minor can apply for?
What major should I choose to become a Computer Network Architect?
What major will allow me to become a Computer Network Architect?
Explain what a Computer Network Analyst is
What does a Computer Network Analyst do?
Briefly describe a Computer Network Analyst
Are there any courses I should take in high school to prepare for Computer Science?
Can I take any computer science courses in high school?
What are some classes that I can take in high school for computer science?
Can I prepare for a major in Computer Science while in high school?
What are typical tasks of a low level programmer?
What are some skills a low level programmer should have?
What major should I choose to become a Low-Level Programmer?
What major will allow me to become a Low-Level Programmer?
Explain what Algorithms are
What are Algorithms?
Briefly describe Algorithms
Explain what Applied Computing Technology(ACT) is
What does a Applied Computing Technology(ACT) do?
Briefly describe a Applied Computing Technology(ACT)
Explain what Artificial Intelligence is
What does a Artificial Intelligence do?
Briefly describe a Artificial Intelligence
Explain what Open Data is
What does Open Data do?
Briefly describe Open Data
Explain what Theoretical Computer Science is
What does Theoretical Computer Science do?
Briefly describe Theoretical Computer Science
Explain what Computer Systems Analyst is
What does Computer Systems Analyst do?
Briefly describe a Computer Systems Analyst
Explain what Computer and Information Research Scientist is
What does Computer and Information Research Scientist do?
Briefly describe a Computer and Information Research Scientist
Explain what Computer Engineering is
What does Computer Engineering do?
Briefly describe Computer Engineering
What kind of jobs can I get as a Computer Science student?
What do I need to do to succeed in Computer Science?
As a student, how can I succeed in Computer Science?
How can I be a successful Computer Science student?
What do successful Computer Science students look like?
What makes a successful Computer Science student?
How can I be good in my major of Computer Science?
How can I help my Computer Science Career?
How can I help my career as a Computer Scientist?
What are good characteristics for a career in Computer Science?
What are characteristics that help Computer Scientists?
What characteristics can help a career in Computer Science?
What are the characteristics of successful Computer Science careers?
What minors do you recommend for a Computer Science student?
What minors should I take as a Computer Science student?
What are good minors for Computer Science?
What minor should I take as a Computer Scientist?
Are there any good minors for a Computer Scientist?
What skills do I need for Computer Engineering?
Are there any skills that are good to have as a Computer Engineer?
What skills should I have as a Computer Engineer?
What primary skills should I have as a Computer Engineer?
What are good skills for a Computer Engineer to have?
What skills do I need for Computer Systems Analysts?
Are there any skills that are good to have as a Computer Systems Analyst?
What skills should I have as a Computer Systems Analyst?
What primary skills should I have as a Computer Systems Analyst?
What are good skills for a Computer Systems Analyst to have?
What skills do I need for Computer Science?
Are there any skills that are good to have as a Computer Scientist?
What skills should I have as a Computer Scientist?
What primary skills should I have as a Computer Scientist?
What are good skills for a Computer Scientist to have?
What companies hire Computer Scientists?
What kind of companies can I work for as a Computer Scientist?
What kind of companies normally hire Computer Scientists?
Is there a specific kind of company that hires Computer Scientists?
What kind of companies hire students with a Computer Science degree?
How does CMPEN differ from CS?
How is CMPEN different from CS?
What's different about CMPEN compared to CS?
How do CMPEN and CS differ?
How does Computer Engineering differ from Computer Science?
How is Computer Engineering different from Computer Science?
What's different about Computer Engineering compared to Computer Science?
How do Computer Engineering and Computer Science differ?
Can a computer scientist help hospitals?
What can I do as a computer scientist for hospitals?
Can I work in a Hospital with a Computer Science degree?
Can I work in the health industry as a Computer Scientist?
What can I do for a hospital as a Computer Scientist?
Where is a good place to look for jobs outside of my area?
Is there a good website for finding jobs?
What can I use to search for jobs?
Are there any good resources I can use to search for a job?
What would I do as a Computer System Analyst?
What does a Computer System Analyst usually do?
What tasks might I be assigned as a Computer System Analyst?
Are there any common tasks I would do as a Computer System Analyst?
What skills do you need to pursue a career in Computer Systems Analysis?
What are necessary skills for a Computer Systems Analyst?
Can I see a list of necessary skills for a Computer Systems Analyst?
What skills do I need to become a Computer Systems Analyst?
What should I be able to do as a Computer Systems Analyst
I enjoy Cyber Security, what should I study?
Are there any majors similar to Cyber Security?
Is there a Cyber Security major?
Is there a Web Development major?
Are there any majors similar to Web Development?
I enjoy Web Development, what should I study?
What should I study if I'm good at Web Development?
What can I do after I get a major in computer science?
What kind of jobs can I apply for with a major in Computer Science?
I enjoy Operating Systems, what should I study?
Are there any majors similar to Operating Systems?
Is there a Operating Systems major?
I enjoy Software Development, what should I study?
Are there any majors similar to Software Development?
Is there a Software Development major?
What programming languages will I use as a Computer Scientist?
What programming languages are used in Computer Science?
What languages are used in CS?
What programming languages are used in CS?
Will I use a lot of programming languages in Computer Science?
Do I need my own PC?
Does Behrend provide me with a computer?
Do I have to bring a computer with me?
What should I do once I've looked at the Computer Science curriculum?
What should I do after checking the CS curriculum?
What should I do once I've looked at the CS curriculum?
Can I teach students as a Computer Scientist?
Can I go into education as a Computer Scientist?
Can I teach students with a Computer Science degree?
Can I get a position as a Software Engineer with a Computer Science degree?
Can I get a position as a Software Engineer as a Computer Science major?
Can I become a Software Engineer as a Computer Science major?
Can I become a Software Engineer as a Computer Scientist?
Is it possible to go into IT right out of High school?
Is it possible to work in IT with only a high school diploma?
Do Software Developers work long hours?
Do Programmers work long hours?
Will I have to work long hours as a developer?
Will I have to work long hours as a programmer?
Do I need to get an internship as a Computer Scientist?
Is an internship important?
Do I need to get an internship?
Why should I get an internship?
What programming languages will I use as a Video Game Designer?
What programming languages are used in Video Game Design?
Will I use a lot of programming languages in Video Game Design?
What classes do I need to take for a Computer Science degree?
What courses do I need to take for a Computer Science degree?
What classes can I take for Computer Science?
What courses can I take for Computer Science?
What classes do I need to take for Computer Science?
What will I do as a Database Administrator?
What do you do when you're a Database Administrator?
What do you do as a Database Administrator?
What is done in as a Database Administrator?
What can a Database Administrator do?
What will might I do with a career in Robotics Technology?
Explain what a System Administrator is
What does a System Administrator do?
Briefly describe a System Administrator
Explain what ABET is
What does ABET do?
Briefly describe ABET
Explain what Cloud Computing is
What does Cloud Computing do?
Briefly describe Cloud Computing
Explain what Data Mining is
What does Data Mining do?
Briefly describe Data Mining
What programming languages should I know?
What are good programming languages to know?
What are the most important programming languages?
Which programming language is the most important?
What programming languages are used most often?
Explain what Field of Cryptography is
What does Field of Cryptography do?
Briefly describe Field of Cryptography
Will we ever be able to get Computer to think on their own?
Is it possible for a computer to think on their own?
Can I see a list of degrees that Behrend offers?
Can I see a list of degrees that Penn State Behrend offers?
Can I see a list of majors that Penn State Behrend offers?
Can I see a list of majors that Behrend offers?
Can I do research as an undergraduate Computer Science major?
Can I do research as an undergraduate Computer Scientist?
Do I have the ability to conduct research as an undergraduate Computer Science major?
Can I do research as an undergraduate Software Engineering major?
Can I do research as an undergraduate Software Engineer?
Do I have the ability to conduct research as an undergraduate Software Engineering major?
How does CS differ from CMPEN and SWENG?
How is CS different from CMPEN and SWENG?
What's different about CS compared to CMPEN and SWENG?
How do CS, CMPEN, and SWENG differ?
How does Computer Science differ from Computer Engineering and Software Engineering?
How is Computer Science different from Computer Engineering and Software Engineering?
What's different about Computer Science compared to Computer Engineering and Software Engineering?
How do Computer Science, Software Engineering, and Computer Engineering differ?
How does Computer Engineering differ from Computer Science and Software Engineering?
How is Computer Engineering different from Computer Science and Software Engineering?
What's different about Computer Engineering compared to Computer Science and Software Engineering?
How does Software Engineering differ from Computer Engineering and Computer Science?
How is Software Engineering different from Computer Engineering and Computer Science?
What's different about Software Engineering compared to Computer Engineering and Computer Science?
Explain what Machine Learning is
What does Machine Learning do?
Briefly describe Machine Learning
What jobs are good for a Software Engineer?
What jobs can I expect to get as a Software Engineer?
Can I see what jobs I might get as a Software Engineer?
Can I see possible jobs for a Software Engineer?
Can I see jobs for a Software Engineer?
Show me some Software Engineering jobs
What types of classes will I be taking as a Software Engineer?
What types of classes will I be taking as a SWENG major?
What types of classes will I be taking as a Software Engineering major?
What types of courses does a SWENG student take?
What types of courses does a Software Engineering student take?
What types of courses will I be taking as a Software Engineering student?
What types of courses will I be taking as a Software Engineering major?
What types of courses will I be taking as a SWENG major?
What types of courses will I be taking as a SWENG student?
What types of courses will I be taking as a Software Engineer?
How long will I be at Behrend if going after a SWENG degree?
How many years will I be in school if pursuing a SWENG degree?
How many years will it take to finish a degree in SWENG?
How long will I be at Behrend if going after a Software Engineering degree?
How many years will I be in school if pursuing a Software Engineering degree?
How many years will it take to finish a degree in Software Engineering?
How hard is Software Engineering?
Is Software Engineering difficult?
How difficult is SWENG?
Is SWENG difficult?
How hard is SWENG?
What schools offer the best Software Engineering programs?
What's a good school for Software Engineering?
What schools provide a good Software Engineering program?
What are good options for Software Engineering schools?
Explain what Software Engineering is
Briefly describe Software Engineering
Are Software Engineers wanted?
Do lots of companies want a Software Engineer?
Will I be wanted as a Software Engineer?
What technology will I be using as a Software Engineer?
What are some frequently used technology for Software Engineers?
What technology might I use as a Software Engineer?
Do I need experience to pursue a degree in Software Engineering?
Do I need experience to start Software Engineering at Penn State Behrend?
Do I need experience to start Software Engineering at Behrend?
Do I need experience to start SWENG at Penn State Behrend?
Do I need experience to start SWENG at Behrend?
Will I have lots of competition while searching for a job as a Software Engineer?
Is being a Software Engineer competitive?
Do I need to be competitive to be a Software Engineer?
How much hands-on experience will a Software Engineering student gain at Behrend?
How much hands-on experience will a SWENG student gain at Penn State Behrend?
How much hands-on experience will a SWENG student gain at Behrend?
How much hands-on experience will I gain at Behrend as a SWENG student?
How much hands-on experience will I gain at Penn State Behrend as a SWENG student?
How much hands-on experience will I gain at Penn State Behrend as a Software Engineering student?
What type of experience is good for a student interested in pursuing SWENG?
What kind of experience is good for a Software Engineering student?
What kind of experience is good for a SWENG student?
What high school courses will prepare me for Software Engineering?
What classes can I take, in high school, to better prepare myself for a degree in SWENG?
What high school courses will prepare me for SWENG?
What high school courses will prepare me for a degree in Software Engineering?
What high school courses will prepare me for a degree in SWENG?
What salary can expect as an Software Engineer?
What is the normal salary of an Software Engineer?
What sort of salary will I get as a Software Engineer?
What sort of salary will I get as an Software Engineer?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Software Engineer?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as an Software Engineer?
What salary can expect as an entry level Software Engineer?
What is the normal salary of an entry level Software Engineer?
What sort of salary will I get as a new Software Engineer?
What sort of salary will I get as an entry level Software Engineer?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Software Engineer right out of college?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as an entry level Software Engineer?
What kind of salary can I expect if I pursue a career in Software Engineering?
What kind of benefits can I expect if I pursue a career in Software Engineering?
What kind of salary can I expect if I pursue a career in SWENG?
What kind of benefits can I expect if I pursue a career in SWENG?
What kind of salary and benefits can I expect, if I pursue a career in SWENG?
How many people are happy with being a Software Engineer?
Is being a Software Engineer satisfying?
Will I be happy as a Software Engineer?
How many Software Engineers are satisfied with their job?
Are there any campus jobs related to Software engineering?
Does Help Desk teach me skills for Software Engineering?
How much work does a Software Engineering student have?
How much work should I expect to do as a Software Engineering student?
How much work should I expect to do as a Software Engineer?
What is the typical workload of a Software Engineer?
Is the SWENG program at Penn State Behrend accredited?
Is the SWENG program at Behrend accredited?
Is the SWENG program accredited?
Is the Software Engineering program at Behrend accredited?
Is the Software Engineering program accredited?
What is a good minor for a Software Engineer?
What should I minor in as a Software Engineer?
Is there a good minor for the Software Engineering major?
Is there a good minor for the SWENG major?
Is this the best school for SWENG?
Is Behrend the best college for SWENG?
Is Penn State Behrend the best school for SWENG?
Is Penn State Behrend the best college for SWENG?
Is Behrend the best school for SWENG?
Is this the best college for SWENG?
Is Behrend the best college for Software Engineering?
Is Penn State Behrend the best school for Software Engineering?
Is Penn State Behrend the best college for Software Engineering?
Is Behrend the best school for Software Engineering?
Is this the best college for Software Engineering?
What are the best things about a degree in SWENG?
What's good about a degree in Software Engineering?
What's good about majoring in Software Engineering?
What's good about a degree in SWENG?
What's good about majoring in SWENG?
What are the worst things about a degree in SWENG?
What's bad about a degree in Software Engineering?
What's bad about majoring in Software Engineering?
What's bad about a degree in SWENG?
What's bad about majoring in SWENG?
Why do I need math courses as a Software Engineer?
Why am I required to take so many math courses as a Software Engineer?
Why am I required to take math courses as a Software Engineer?
What benefit do math courses provide to a Software Engineer?
Why do I need science courses as a Software Engineer?
Why am I required to take so many science courses as a Software Engineer?
Why am I required to take science courses as a Software Engineer?
What benefit do science courses provide to a Software Engineer?
Are there any famous Software Engineers?
Can I know who some famous Software Engineers are?
What skills should I have to be a Software Engineer?
What are necessary skills for a Software Engineer?
What are Beneficial Skills for SWENG Students
What skills should I obtain for majoring in SWENG
What skills should SWENG Students have?
Are there any necessary skills for a Software Engineering student?
What will I do as a Electrical Engineer?
What do you do when you're a Electrical Engineer?
What do you do in Electrical Engineering?
What is done in a career in Electrical Engineering?
What can a Electrical Engineer do?
What jobs are good for a Electrical Engineer?
What jobs can I expect to get as a Electrical Engineer?
What can I do as a Electrical Engineer?
Can I see what jobs I might get as a Electrical Engineer?
Can I see possible jobs for a Electrical Engineer?
Can I see jobs for a Electrical Engineer?
Show me some Electrical Engineering jobs
What types of classes will I be taking as a Electrical Engineer?
What types of classes will I be taking as a EE major?
What types of classes will I be taking as a Electrical Engineering major?
What types of courses does a EE student take?
What types of courses does a Electrical Engineering student take?
What types of courses will I be taking as a Electrical Engineering student?
What types of courses will I be taking as a Electrical Engineering major?
What types of courses will I be taking as a EE major?
What types of courses will I be taking as a EE student?
What types of courses will I be taking as a Electrical Engineer?
How hard is Electrical Engineering?
Is Electrical Engineering difficult?
How difficult is EE?
Is EE difficult?
How hard is EE?
Can you show me some Computer Engineering application examples
What are some examples of applications with Computer Engineering?
What can I use Computer Engineering for?
What are some ways that Computer Engineering has been used?
What Computer Engineering is used in real world
Bring me some applications of Computer Engineering
What does Computer Engineering applies to
What is Computer Engineering used for
Show me some Computer Engineering Applications
What applications that use Computer Engineering
Will I do well in my field?
How do I know if I will do well in my field?
Do you think I'll do well in my field?
Is there a place I can go to learn about variables and functions?
Where can I learn more about functions and variables?
Why are variables and functions so confusing?
How long will I be at Behrend?
How long will I be at Behrend if pursuing a Bachelor's Degree?
How long will I be at Behrend if pursuing an Associate's Degree?
Do you think I will be a good programmer?
Will I be a good programmer?
Do you think I will be good at programmer?
Will it be difficult to get a job as a Computer Engineer?
Will it be hard to get a job as a Computer Engineer?
Will I still like Computer Science after taking courses for it?
Will I still like Computer Science after taking classes for it?
Will I still enjoy Computer Science after taking courses in the field?
Is Computer Science similar to Game Development?
Do you think I will be the best at Computer Science?
If I work hard, will I be better than everyone at Computer Science?
What are some applications of my major?
How many math courses will I need to take in Computer Science?
Does Computer Science require a lot of math courses?
Do I need to take a lot of math courses in Computer Science?
How many Computer Science majors graduate with a job offer?
Are many computer science majors hired shortly after graduating?
How many Computer Science majors are hired shortly after graduating?
Will I like Behrend more than University Park?
Will I like Behrend more than UP?
Will I enjoy myself as much at Behrend as opposed to University Park?
Can I pursue Computer Science even though I don't understand computers?
Can I pursue Computer Science with no knowledge on computers?
Will it be difficult to major in Computer Science without understanding computers?
What if I'm not as good at programming as everyone else?
What if I'm not as good a programmer as others?
How do I know if I should continue to major in this?
How do I know if I will enjoy my major?
Will becoming a Computer Engineer benefit me in the future?
What does the Computer Engineer job growth look like?
Does the future look promising for a Computer Engineer?
Is it a good idea to become a Computer Engineer?
Can I make friends at Behrend?
Is it easy to make friends at Behrend?
Is Behrend's Computer Science program a good one?
How good is Penn State Behrend's Computer Science program?
Is Behrend's Computer Science program descent?
What degree should I pursue?
Could you recommend a degree for me to pursue?
What major do you think I would enjoy?
What major do you think I should pursue?
What jobs are good for a Computer Scientist?
What jobs can I expect to get as a Computer Scientist?
Can I see what jobs I might get as a Computer Scientist?
Can I see possible jobs for a Computer Scientist?
Can I see jobs for a Computer Scientist?
Show me some Computer Science jobs
Do you have to be a good programmer to be hired?
Do you have to be excellent at programming to be hired?
Do you have to be good at programming to be hired?
Is programming skill a big deal when being hired?
How does Behrend's Computer Science program rank?
What companies will hire Computer Engineers?
Are there any companies that hire a lot of Computer Engineers?
What companies hire Computer Engineers?
Will I be able to keep up with the workload?
Is it difficult to keep up with the workload in college?
Will I have trouble keeping up with the amount of work I'm given?
Can I keep up with all the assignments?
Do you need teaching experience to teach at Behrend?
Does Behrend require professors to have prior teaching experience?
Will it be difficult to keep up with my classes?
Will it be difficult to keep up with my courses?
Will I be able to handle my courses?
Can I program anywhere in the world once I learn it?
Does programming vary around the world?
Is programming the same worldwide?
Will I ever get bored of programming?
Will I always enjoy programming?
Does programming get boring after awhile?
Will I lose interest in programming after time?
How do programming and magic differ?
Is there a difference between programming and magic?
Will the Computer Science program teach me practical skills?
Will I learn a lot of practical skills from the Computer Science program?
Does Behrend have a music program or a strong music club?
Is there a good music program at Behrend?
Is there a good music club at Behrend?
What are some good ways to reduce stress while in college?
What are some ways to keep myself happy in college?
Are there any good ways to reduce stress?
Are there any good ways to keep myself happy?
What is Behrend like?
What is the environment at Behrend like?
Will I like the scenery at Behrend?
What major do you think I will like?
What major will I enjoy?
What major do you think I will enjoy?
What major do you think I be good at?
What major will I be good at?
Out of all the majors at Behrend, which one has the most job openings?
Which major has the best job outlook?
What's the best major to go into in terms of job openings?
Out of all the majors at Behrend, which one has the best professors?
Which major has the best teachers?
What's the best major to go into in terms of professors?
Is there a good way to convince my friends to join Computer Science?
How can I get my friends to go into Computer Science?
What can I do to show my friends Computer Science?
What's the most interesting things about Computer Science?
Is there anything interesting about Computer Science?
What's interesting about Computer Science?
Where can I find out what I need to graduate?
How can I check if I'm on track to graduate?
What should I do to find out if I am graduating on time or not?
What's the difference between economics and computer science?
How do economics and computer science differ?
How is Computer Science different from economics?
How is Economics different from Computer Science?
What can I do to make sure I am hired when there are so many people learning to program?
What can I do to make sure I am hired?
Is there a trick to get hired?
Is there any way I can reduce my tuition costs as an international student?
Where's a good place to learn about programming with external files?
Where can I find information about programming with external files?
What salary can expect as an Computer Scientist?
What is the normal salary of an Computer Scientist?
What sort of salary will I get as a Computer Scientist?
What sort of salary will I get as an Computer Scientist?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Computer Scientist?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as an Computer Scientist?
What do you think I will like about Computer Science?
Do you think Behrend is the right school for me?
Is Behrend the right school for me?
How can I find out if Behrend is the right school for me?
Will becoming a Software Engineer benefit me in the future?
What does the Software Engineer job growth look like?
Does the future look promising for a Software Engineer?
Is it a good idea to become a Software Engineer?
Is it difficult to find a good job after graduation?
Will it be challenging to find a good job after graduation?
Do you think I'm prepared for my major?
How do I know if I'm prepared for my major?
Do you think I'm interested in Computer Science?
How do I know if I'm interested in Computer Science?
Where can I search for work study jobs?
Where can I find a job to help pay for living expenses?
Is there a job I can get that will allow me to work part time while managing school work?
Why are Computer Engineers paid more than Computer Scientists?
Why are Computer Scientists paid less than Computer Engineering?
Why is there a pay difference between Computer Engineers and Computer Scientists?
How many sub branches of Computer Science are there?
Is Computer Science a broad subject?
Can I get ice cream at Behrend?
Do any of the restaurants on campus serve Ice Cream?
Where can I get ice cream on campus?
Will I have lots of competition while searching for a job as a Computer Scientist?
Is being a Computer Scientist competitive?
Do I need to be competitive to be a Computer Scientist?
Is there anything fun to do in Erie?
What can I do for fun while in Erie?
What majors do you think I should consider?
Can I work from home as a Computer Scientist?
Will I have the opportunity to work from home as a Computer Scientist?
Are there any NICHE programs at Penn State Behrend?
Does Behrend have any NICHE programs?
Are there any NICHE programs at Behrend?
Are there any non-technical jobs that will allow me to utilize my technical skills?
What salary can expect as an entry level Electrical Engineer?
What is the normal salary of an entry level Electrical Engineer?
What sort of salary will I get as a new Electrical Engineer?
What sort of salary will I get as an entry level Electrical Engineer?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Electrical Engineer right out of college?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as an entry level Electrical Engineer?
Can I help improve the environment at Penn State Behrend?
Can I help improve the environment at Behrend?
Is there any way I can help improve the environment in Erie?
Is there a good place to get suits for interview?
Where should I get a suit for an interview?
Is there a place to purchase a suit for an interview nearby?
How many students at Behrend are international students?
Are there a lot of international students at Behrend?
What percentage of students at Behrend are international?
Are the first two years at Behrend a good learning experience?
Will I enjoy the first two years at Behrend?
Is it a good idea to stay at Behrend for the first two years?
Why do I need to take general education courses?
What's the purpose to general education courses?
Why do I need to take gen ed courses?
What's the purpose of gen ed courses?
What's the culture at Behrend like?
Are the people at Behrend friendly?
What is the culture at Behrend like?
Will I like the people at Behrend?
What is the alma mater of Behrend?
Is there a good way to put my hobbies into a career?
Can I make a career out of my hobbies?
Can my hobbies be translated into a career?
Is there a good place to learn more about my professors?
How can I learn more about a professor?
Where can I go to learn more about a professor?
What is the SRTE used for?
Can I give feedback to my professors about their teaching style?
Can I give feedback to my professors?
What is the SRTE?
Is there someone I can speak to to relieve stress?
Is there a therapist on campus?
Is there an office to support students with disabilities?
Will I receive any assistance as a student with a disability?
What are symptoms of a learning disability?
Is there a way to know if you have a learning disability?
How can I find out if I have a learning disability?
Can I become a programmer when I have dyslexia?
Are there any cons of going to school near home?
Are there any problems with going to school near home?
Are there any drawbacks with going to school near home?
Does Behrend recycle a lot?
Do I need to get a specific score in order to get into my preferred major?
Is the weather in Erie dangerous?
Can the weather in Erie be dangerous?
Is Erie dangerous?
Can I do an exchange program while studying Computer Science?
Can I do an exchange program at the same time as studying Computer Science?
Can I study Computer Science at the same time as doing an exchange program?
Is it possible to both study Computer Science and do an exchange program at the same time?
Can I do an exchange program while studying Computer Engineering?
Can I do an exchange program at the same time as studying Computer Engineering?
Can I study Computer Engineering at the same time as doing an exchange program?
Is it possible to both study Computer Engineering and do an exchange program at the same time?
Can I do an exchange program while studying Software Engineering?
Can I do an exchange program at the same time as studying Software Engineering?
Can I study Software Engineering at the same time as doing an exchange program?
Is it possible to both study Software Engineering and do an exchange program at the same time?
Will it cost extra money to study abroad?
Can I save money by studying abroad?
How does tuition compare when studying abroad?
Can I listen to a class as a high school student?
Is it possible to attend a class at Behrend while in High School?
Can I sit in on a class at Behrend as a High school student?
What can I do when I'm failing a course?
What should I do if I am failing my courses?
What should I do if I am failing a course?
What are the major programming languages I should learn if I want to work in Europe?
What programming language should I know if I want to work in Europe?
Does Europe use different programming languages?
Will I like Computer Science?
Do you think I will like Computer Science?
Do I need to know English well to be a programmer?
Do I need to know English to be a programmer?
Is English really that important for a programmer?
Should I start learning programming before I go to college?
Do I need to have prior programming experience before starting college?
Do I need to know some programming before starting college?
Is the staff around campus helpful?
What's the difference between the main campus at the branch campuses?
How does the main campus differ from the branch campuses?
How does UP differ from Behrend?
How does University Park differ from behrend?
Can I get a job right after graduating?
Will I be able to get a job right after graduating?
Will other students help me learn about my major?
Can I ask other students about my major?
Will other students teach me more about my major?
Will other students help me learn about my school?
Can I ask other students about my school?
Will other students teach me more about my school?
Do I have to get a job that goes with my major?
Will my major limit me?
Can I get a job that has nothing to do with my major?
About how long will it take to find a job?
Will it take a long time to find a job?
Does it take a long time to find a job?
Can I practice my interview skills with someone?
Can I practice my networking skills with someone?
How can I prepare for the career fair?
What major is similar to a Network Administrator?
What major will help me in my preparation to become a Network Administrator?
I want to be a Network Administrator, what major should I choose?
I already know everything about Computer Engineering, do I really need a degree?
Should I go to college for Computer Engineering even if I already know a lot about it?
Does Computer Engineering or Computer Science have harder math?
Is the math more difficult in Computer Engineering or in Computer Science?
Is there a quiet place on campus?
Is there a good place to de-stress on campus?
Where is a good place to relax?
How are all the engineering fields in Behrend different?
How do all of the engineering fields in Behrend differ?
Can I only study abroad once?
Can I study abroad every semester?
Why should I go to the ACPC?
Is the ACPC helpful?
What does the ACPC do?
What can the ACPC help me with?
Why should I go to the Academic and Career Planning Center?
Is the Academic and Career Planning Center helpful?
What does the Academic and Career Planning Center do?
What can the Academic and Career Planning Center help me with?
What services does the Academic and Career Planning Center offer to help me get a job?
Does the ACPC help with internships?
Does the ACPC offer any services to assist with getting an internship?
What does the ACPC do to help get an internship?
Will the ACPC help me get an internship?
Does the Academic and Career Planning Center help with internships?
Does the Academic and Career Planning Center offer any services to assist with getting an internship?
What does the Academic and Career Planning Center do to help get an internship?
Will the Academic and Career Planning Center help me get an internship?
Can the Academic and Career Planning Center help me get an internship?
When do students usually change their major?
Do major changes happen after the freshman year?
Do students usually change their major after their Freshman year?
Are there a lot of dorms on campus?
What minors do you recommend for engineers?
What minors are recommended for the engineering fields?
Are there any good minors for engineers?
How many people teach Software Engineering?
How many professors are in Software Engineering?
How many different Software Engineering professors are there?
Where do I go to sign up for Behrend's mobile alerts?
What is the website for Behrend's mobile alerts?
Where do I go for PSUAlert?
Can I volunteer during the holidays?
Are there any volunteer opportunities during the holidays?
Are the professors at Behrend good compared to other professors?
Is there a volleyball team at Behrend?
Where can I find information about scholarships?
Where can I go to find information about scholarships?
Is there a website I can go for scholarship information?
When do I need to pay tuition?
Is there a deadline for tuition?
What are the major programming languages I should learn if I want to work in Asia?
What programming language should I know if I want to work in Asia?
Does Asia use different programming languages?
What are the major programming languages I should learn if I want to work in Africa?
What programming language should I know if I want to work in Africa?
Does Africa use different programming languages?
What are the major programming languages I should learn if I want to work in Australia?
What programming language should I know if I want to work in Australia?
Does Australia use different programming languages?
What are the major programming languages I should learn if I want to work in South America?
What programming language should I know if I want to work in South America?
Does South America use different programming languages?
Will I like Software Engineering?
Do you think I will like Software Engineering?
Will I like Computer Engineering?
Do you think I will like Computer Engineering?
Can I create a Software Engineering blog using Behrend's services?
Can I create a Computer Engineering blog using Behrend's services?
Can I create a Computer Science blog using Behrend's services?
Where do I go to sign up for Behrend's email alerts?
What is the website for Behrend's email alerts?
How many people teach Computer Engineering?
How many professors are in Computer Engineering?
How many different Computer Engineering professors are there?
How many people teach Computer Science?
How many professors are in Computer Science?
How many different Computer Science professors are there?
What professors teach Computer Science?
What are the names of the professors that teach Computer Science?
Who teaches Computer Science?
What professors teach Computer Engineering?
What are the names of the professors that teach Computer Engineering?
Who teaches Computer Engineering?
What professors teach Software Engineering?
What are the names of the professors that teach Software Engineering?
Who teaches Software Engineering?
What sport teams does Behrend have?
Are there a lot of sport teams at Behrend?
What kind of sports can I play with a team at Behrend?
I already know everything about Computer Science, do I really need a degree?
Should I go to college for Computer Science even if I already know a lot about it?
I already know everything about Software Engineering, do I really need a degree?
Should I go to college for Software Engineering even if I already know a lot about it?
What courses should I take to become a Software Applications Developer?
What major is close to the Software Applications Developer job?
What should I study to become a Software Applications Developer?
What major will allow me to become a Software Applications Developer?
Explain what a Software Applications Developer is
What does a Software Applications Developer do?
Briefly describe a Software Applications Developer
What courses should I take to become a Computer Systems Analyst?
What major is close to the Computer Systems Analyst job?
What should I study to become a Computer Systems Analyst?
What major will allow me to become a Computer Systems Analyst?
What are Software Applications Developer's tasks
What would I do as a Software Applications Developer?
What does a Software Applications Developer usually do?
What tasks might I be assigned as a Software Applications Developer?
Are there any common tasks I would do as a Software Applications Developer?
What salary can expect as a Software Applications Developer?
What is the normal salary of a Software Applications Developer?
What sort of salary will I get as a Software Applications Developer?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Software Applications Developer?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as a Software Applications Developer?
What salary can expect as a Computer Systems Analyst?
What is the normal salary of a Computer Systems Analyst?
What sort of salary will I get as a Computer Systems Analyst?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Computer Systems Analyst?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as a Computer Systems Analyst?
What courses should I take to become a Computer Systems Engineer?
What major is close to the Computer Systems Engineer job?
What should I study to become a Computer Systems Engineer?
What major will allow me to become a Computer Systems Engineer?
Explain what a Computer Systems Engineer is
What does a Computer Systems Engineer do?
Briefly describe a Computer Systems Engineer
What are Computer Systems Engineer's tasks
What would I do as a Computer Systems Engineer?
What does a Computer Systems Engineer usually do?
What tasks might I be assigned as a Computer Systems Engineer?
Are there any common tasks I would do as a Computer Systems Engineer?
What salary can expect as a Computer Systems Engineer?
What is the normal salary of a Computer Systems Engineer?
What sort of salary will I get as a Computer Systems Engineer?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Computer Systems Engineer?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as a Computer Systems Engineer?
What courses should I take to become a Network Systems Administrator?
What major is close to the Network Systems Administrator job?
What should I study to become a Network Systems Administrator?
What major will allow me to become a Network Systems Administrator?
Explain what a Network Systems Administrator is
What does a Network Systems Administrator do?
Briefly describe a Network Systems Administrator
What are Network Systems Administrator's tasks
What would I do as a Network Systems Administrator?
What does a Network Systems Administrator usually do?
What tasks might I be assigned as a Network Systems Administrator?
Are there any common tasks I would do as a Network Systems Administrator?
What salary can expect as a Network Systems Administrator?
What is the normal salary of a Network Systems Administrator?
What sort of salary will I get as a Network Systems Administrator?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Network Systems Administrator?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as a Network Systems Administrator?
What courses should I take to become a Database Administrator?
What major is close to the Database Administrator job?
What should I study to become a Database Administrator?
What major will allow me to become a Database Administrator?
Explain what a Database Administrator is
What does a Database Administrator do?
Briefly describe a Database Administrator
What are Database Administrator's tasks
What would I do as a Database Administrator?
What does a Database Administrator usually do?
What tasks might I be assigned as a Database Administrator?
Are there any common tasks I would do as a Database Administrator?
What salary can expect as a Database Administrator?
What is the normal salary of a Database Administrator?
What sort of salary will I get as a Database Administrator?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Database Administrator?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as a Database Administrator?
What courses should I take to become a Business Intelligence Analyst?
What major is close to the Business Intelligence Analyst job?
What should I study to become a Business Intelligence Analyst?
What major will allow me to become a Business Intelligence Analyst?
Explain what a Business Intelligence Analyst is
What does a Business Intelligence Analyst do?
Briefly describe a Business Intelligence Analyst
What are Business Intelligence Analyst's tasks
What would I do as a Business Intelligence Analyst?
What does a Business Intelligence Analyst usually do?
What tasks might I be assigned as a Business Intelligence Analyst?
Are there any common tasks I would do as a Business Intelligence Analyst?
What salary can expect as a Business Intelligence Analyst?
What is the normal salary of a Business Intelligence Analyst?
What sort of salary will I get as a Business Intelligence Analyst?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Business Intelligence Analyst?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as a Business Intelligence Analyst?
What courses should I take to become a Web Developer?
What major is close to the Web Developer job?
What should I study to become a Web Developer?
What major will allow me to become a Web Developer?
What are Web Developer's tasks
What would I do as a Web Developer?
What does a Web Developer usually do?
What tasks might I be assigned as a Web Developer?
Are there any common tasks I would do as a Web Developer?
What salary can expect as a Web Developer?
What is the normal salary of a Web Developer?
What sort of salary will I get as a Web Developer?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Web Developer?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as a Web Developer?
What courses should I take to become a Computer Programmer?
What major is close to the Computer Programmer job?
What should I study to become a Computer Programmer?
What major will allow me to become a Computer Programmer?
Explain what a Computer Programmer is
What does a Computer Programmer do?
Briefly describe a Computer Programmer
What are Computer Programmer's tasks
What would I do as a Computer Programmer?
What does a Computer Programmer usually do?
What tasks might I be assigned as a Computer Programmer?
Are there any common tasks I would do as a Computer Programmer?
What salary can expect as a Computer Programmer?
What is the normal salary of a Computer Programmer?
What sort of salary will I get as a Computer Programmer?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Computer Programmer?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as a Computer Programmer?
What courses should I take to become a Software Systems Developer?
What major is close to the Software Systems Developer job?
What should I study to become a Software Systems Developer?
What major will allow me to become a Software Systems Developer?
Explain what a Software Systems Developer is
What does a Software Systems Developer do?
Briefly describe a Software Systems Developer
What are Software System Developer's tasks
What would I do as a Software System Developer?
What does a Software System Developer usually do?
What tasks might I be assigned as a Software System Developer?
Are there any common tasks I would do as a Software System Developer?
What salary can expect as a Software System Developer?
What is the normal salary of a Software System Developer?
What sort of salary will I get as a Software System Developer?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Software System Developer?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as a Software System Developer?
What courses should I take to become a Software Quality Assurance Tester?
What major is close to the Software Quality Assurance Tester job?
What should I study to become a Software Quality Assurance Tester?
What major will allow me to become a Software Quality Assurance Tester?
Explain what a Software Quality Assurance Tester is
What does a Software Quality Assurance Tester do?
Briefly describe a Software Quality Assurance Tester
What are Software Quality Assurance Tester's tasks
What would I do as a Software Quality Assurance Tester?
What does a Software Quality Assurance Tester usually do?
What tasks might I be assigned as a Software Quality Assurance Tester?
Are there any common tasks I would do as a Software Quality Assurance Tester?
What salary can expect as a Software Quality Assurance Tester?
What is the normal salary of a Software Quality Assurance Tester?
What sort of salary will I get as a Software Quality Assurance Tester?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Software Quality Assurance Tester?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as a Software Quality Assurance Tester?
How many female students are there?
Is there a large amount of female students?
How many adult students are there?
Is there a large amount of adult students?
How many students attend school full time?
How many full time students are there?
Is there a large amount of full time students?
Is there a large amount of students that attend school full time?
How many students have had a co-op experience?
Is there a large amount of students that have had a co-op experience?
Is there a joke about Behrend?
How can I contact Behrend?
What is Behrend's Contact Information?
How are courses numbered at Behrend?
What is the purpose of General Education?
Why do I need to take Health and Physical Activity courses?
What is the purpose of Health and Physical Activity courses?
What general education requirements are there for an associate degree?
What general education requirements are there for a baccalaureate degree?
Can I see a list of general education courses?
Briefly describe First Year seminar
What do you do in First Year Seminar courses?
What do you do in 1st year seminar courses?
What is a First Year Seminar?
Do I have to take the First Year Engagement Program?
Why do I need to take a first year seminar course?
Do I need to take the first year seminar course?
Do I have to take the first year engagement program as a transfer student?
Are transfer students required to take the first year seminar course?
Do I need to take the first year seminar course as a transfer student?
Why do I have to take an art course?
Why is it required to take Arts courses?
Why do I need to take Arts courses?
Why is it required to take General Education courses?
Why do I have to take General Education courses?
Why do I need to take International Cultures courses?
Why is it required to take International Cultures courses?
Why do I have to take International Cultures courses?
Why do I need to take Natural Sciences courses?
Why is it required to take Natural Sciences courses?
Why do I have to take Natural Sciences courses?
Why do I need to take Social and Behavioral Sciences courses?
Why is it required to take Social and Behavioral Sciences courses?
Why do I have to take Social and Behavioral Sciences courses?
Why do I need to take United States Cultures courses?
Why is it required to take United States Cultures courses?
Why do I have to take United States Cultures courses?
Why do I need to take Humanities courses?
Why is it required to take Humanities courses?
Why do I have to take Humanities courses?
Briefly describe Writing
What do you do in Writing courses?
What is a Writing?
Why do I need to take Writing courses?
Why is it required to take Writing courses?
Why do I have to take Writing courses?
What writing courses are in the Computer Science major?
Can I see a list of writing courses for the Computer Science major?
What writing courses are in the Software Engineering major?
Can I see a list of writing courses for the Software Engineering major?
Can I see a list of bachelor's degrees?
Can I see a list of baccalaureate degrees?
Can I see a list of majors?
Can I see a list of associate degrees?
Can I see a list of minors?
Can I see the Recommended Academic Plan for Software Engineering?
What is the RAP for Software Engineering?
Where can I find the RAP for Software Engineering?
Where can I find the Recommended Academic Plan for Software Engineering?
Can I see the RAP for Software Engineering?
How many people teach Electrical Engineering?
How many professors are in Electrical Engineering?
How many different Electrical Engineering professors are there?
What professors teach Electrical Engineering?
What are the names of the professors that teach Electrical Engineering?
Who teaches Electrical Engineering?
What courses should I take to become a Computer Animator?
What major is close to the Computer Animator job?
What should I study to become a Computer Animator?
What major will allow me to become a Computer Animator?
Explain what a Computer Animator is
What does a Computer Animator do?
Briefly describe a Computer Animator
What are Computer Animator's tasks
What would I do as a Computer Animator?
What does a Computer Animator usually do?
What tasks might I be assigned as a Computer Animator?
Are there any common tasks I would do as a Computer Animator?
What salary can expect as a Computer Animator?
What is the normal salary of a Computer Animator?
What sort of salary will I get as a Computer Animator?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Computer Animator?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as a Computer Animator?
What courses should I take to become a Data Scientist?
What major is close to the Data Scientist job?
What should I study to become a Data Scientist?
What major will allow me to become a Data Scientist?
Explain what a Data Scientist is
What does a Data Scientist do?
Briefly describe a Data Scientist
What are Data Scientist's tasks
What would I do as a Data Scientist?
What does a Data Scientist usually do?
What tasks might I be assigned as a Data Scientist?
Are there any common tasks I would do as a Data Scientist?
What salary can expect as a Data Scientist?
What is the normal salary of a Data Scientist?
What sort of salary will I get as a Data Scientist?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Data Scientist?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as a Data Scientist?
What courses should I take to become a Graphic Designer?
What major is close to the Graphic Designer job?
What should I study to become a Graphic Designer?
What major will allow me to become a Graphic Designer?
Explain what a Graphic Designer is
What does a Graphic Designer do?
Briefly describe a Graphic Designer
What are Graphic Designer's tasks
What would I do as a Graphic Designer?
What does a Graphic Designer usually do?
What tasks might I be assigned as a Graphic Designer?
Are there any common tasks I would do as a Graphic Designer?
What salary can expect as a Graphic Designer?
What is the normal salary of a Graphic Designer?
What sort of salary will I get as a Graphic Designer?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Graphic Designer?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as a Graphic Designer?
What courses should I take to become a Hardware Engineer?
What major is close to the Hardware Engineer job?
What should I study to become a Hardware Engineer?
What major will allow me to become a Hardware Engineer?
Explain what a Hardware Engineer is
What does a Hardware Engineer do?
Briefly describe a Hardware Engineer
What are Hardware Engineer's tasks
What would I do as a Hardware Engineer?
What does a Hardware Engineer usually do?
What tasks might I be assigned as a Hardware Engineer?
Are there any common tasks I would do as a Hardware Engineer?
What salary can expect as a Hardware Engineer?
What is the normal salary of a Hardware Engineer?
What sort of salary will I get as a Hardware Engineer?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Hardware Engineer?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as a Hardware Engineer?
What courses should I take to become a Health Information Technician?
What major is close to the Health Information Technician job?
What should I study to become a Health Information Technician?
What major will allow me to become a Health Information Technician?
Explain what a Health Information Technician is
What does a Health Information Technician do?
Briefly describe a Health Information Technician
What are Health Information Technician's tasks
What would I do as a Health Information Technician?
What does a Health Information Technician usually do?
What tasks might I be assigned as a Health Information Technician?
Are there any common tasks I would do as a Health Information Technician?
What salary can expect as a Health Information Technician?
What is the normal salary of a Health Information Technician?
What sort of salary will I get as a Health Information Technician?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Health Information Technician?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as a Health Information Technician?
What courses should I take to become a Network Architect?
What major is close to the Network Architect job?
What should I study to become a Network Architect?
What major will allow me to become a Network Architect?
Explain what a Network Architect is
What does a Network Architect do?
Briefly describe a Network Architect
What are Network Architect's tasks
What would I do as a Network Architect?
What does a Network Architect usually do?
What tasks might I be assigned as a Network Architect?
Are there any common tasks I would do as a Network Architect?
What salary can expect as a Network Architect?
What is the normal salary of a Network Architect?
What sort of salary will I get as a Network Architect?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Network Architect?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as a Network Architect?
What courses should I take to become a User Interface Developer?
What major is close to the User Interface Developer job?
What should I study to become a User Interface Developer?
What major will allow me to become a User Interface Developer?
Explain what a User Interface Developer is
What does a User Interface Developer do?
Briefly describe a User Interface Developer
What are User Interface Developer's tasks
What would I do as a User Interface Developer?
What does a User Interface Developer usually do?
What tasks might I be assigned as a User Interface Developer?
Are there any common tasks I would do as a User Interface Developer?
What salary can expect as a User Interface Developer?
What is the normal salary of a User Interface Developer?
What sort of salary will I get as a User Interface Developer?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a User Interface Developer?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as a User Interface Developer?
What courses should I take to become a Video Game Designer?
What major is close to the Video Game Designer job?
What should I study to become a Video Game Designer?
What major will allow me to become a Video Game Designer?
Explain what a Video Game Designer is
What does a Video Game Designer do?
Briefly describe a Video Game Designer
What are Video Game Designer's tasks
What would I do as a Video Game Designer?
What does a Video Game Designer usually do?
What tasks might I be assigned as a Video Game Designer?
Are there any common tasks I would do as a Video Game Designer?
What salary can expect as a Video Game Designer?
What is the normal salary of a Video Game Designer?
What sort of salary will I get as a Video Game Designer?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Video Game Designer?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as a Video Game Designer?
How does CMPEN differ from EE?
How is CMPEN different from EE?
What's different about CMPEN compared to EE?
How do CMPEN and EE differ?
How does Computer Engineering differ from Electrical Engineering?
How is Computer Engineering different from Electrical Engineering?
What's different about Computer Engineering compared to Electrical Engineering?
How do Computer Engineering and Electrical Engineering differ?
How long will I be at Behrend if going after a EE degree?
How many years will I be in school if pursuing a EE degree?
How many years will it take to finish a degree in EE?
How long will I be at Behrend if going after a Electrical Engineering degree?
How many years will I be in school if pursuing a Electrical Engineering degree?
How many years will it take to finish a degree in Electrical Engineering?
What schools offer the best Electrical Engineering programs?
What's a good school for Electrical Engineering?
What schools provide a good Electrical Engineering program?
What are good options for Electrical Engineering schools?
Explain what Electrical Engineering is
What does Electrical Engineering do?
Briefly describe Electrical Engineering
How many Electrical Engineering students graduate with a job offer?
How many EE students graduate with a job offer?
What percentage of EE students at Penn State Behrend graduate with a job offer?
What percentage of Electrical Engineering students at Behrend graduate with a job offer?
What percentage of EE students at Behrend graduate with a job offer?
How many Electrical Engineering students graduate with an offer?
How many EE students graduate with an offer?
What percentage of EE students at Penn State Behrend graduate with an offer?
What percentage of Electrical Engineering students at Behrend graduate with an offer?
What percentage of EE students at Behrend graduate with an offer?
How does Behrend's Electrical Engineering program rank?
How does Behrend's EE program rank?
How does Penn State Behrend's EE program rank?
What is Penn State Behrend's EE program ranking?
What is Behrend's EE program ranking?
What is Behrend's Electrical Engineering program ranking?
What is Penn State Behrend's Electrical Engineering program ranking?
What's Penn State Behrend's EE program ranking?
What's Behrend's EE program ranking?
What's Behrend's Electrical Engineering program ranking?
What's Penn State Behrend's Electrical Engineering program ranking?
Are Electrical Engineers wanted?
Do lots of companies want a Electrical Engineer?
Will I be wanted as a Electrical Engineer?
What kinds of internships can I get as a Electrical Engineering student?
What are possible internships a Electrical Engineering student can get?
What kinds of internships can a Electrical Engineering student get?
What math classes do I need to major in Electrical Engineering at Penn State Behrend?
What math classes do I need to major in Electrical Engineering at Behrend?
What math classes do I need to major in EE at Penn State Behrend?
What math classes do I need to major in EE at Behrend?
What math classes are required for a degree in EE at Penn State Behrend?
What math classes are required for a degree in EE at Behrend?
What technology will I be using as a Electrical Engineer?
What are some frequently used technology for Electrical Engineers?
What technology might I use as a Electrical Engineer?
Do I need experience to pursue a degree in Electrical Engineering?
Do I need experience to start Electrical Engineering at Penn State Behrend?
Do I need experience to start Electrical Engineering at Behrend?
Do I need experience to start EE at Penn State Behrend?
Do I need experience to start EE at Behrend?
Will I have lots of competition while searching for a job as a Electrical Engineer?
Is being a Electrical Engineer competitive?
Do I need to be competitive to be a Electrical Engineer?
How much hands-on experience will a Electrical Engineering student gain at Behrend?
How much hands-on experience will a EE student gain at Penn State Behrend?
How much hands-on experience will a EE student gain at Behrend?
How much hands-on experience will I gain at Behrend as a EE student?
How much hands-on experience will I gain at Penn State Behrend as a EE student?
How much hands-on experience will I gain at Penn State Behrend as a Electrical Engineering student?
What are common interests of Electrical Engineers?
What are common hobbies of Electrical Engineers?
What do most Electrical Engineers enjoy doing?
What do a lot of Electrical Engineers enjoy doing?
What type of experience is good for a student interested in pursuing EE?
What kind of experience is good for a Electrical Engineering student?
What kind of experience is good for a EE student?
What high school courses will prepare me for Electrical Engineering?
What classes can I take, in high school, to better prepare myself for a degree in EE?
What high school courses will prepare me for EE?
What high school courses will prepare me for a degree in Electrical Engineering?
What high school courses will prepare me for a degree in EE?
What salary can expect as a Electrical Engineer?
What is the normal salary of a Electrical Engineer?
What sort of salary will I get as a Electrical Engineer?
What salary should I ask for when applying to jobs as a Electrical Engineer?
What salary should I ask for when I apply to jobs as a Electrical Engineer?
What kind of salary can I expect if I pursue a career in Electrical Engineering?
What kind of benefits can I expect if I pursue a career in Electrical Engineering?
What kind of salary can I expect if I pursue a career in EE?
What kind of benefits can I expect if I pursue a career in EE?
What kind of salary and benefits can I expect, if I pursue a career in EE?
How many people are happy with being a Electrical Engineer?
Is being a Electrical Engineer satisfying?
Will I be happy as a Electrical Engineer?
How many Electrical Engineers are satisfied with their job?
Do EE students have classes with engineering students?
Will I be able to take classes with engineering students as a Electrical Engineering student?
Will I be able to take classes with engineering students as a EE student?
Do EE students have classes with SWENG students?
Do EE students have classes with CS students?
Do EE students have classes with CMPEN students?
Do Electrical Engineering students have classes with Software Engineering students?
Do Electrical Engineering students have classes with Computer Science students?
Do Electrical Engineering students have classes with Computer Engineering students?
Do EE students have classes with Software Engineering students?
Do EE students have classes with Computer Science students?
Do EE students have classes with Computer Engineering students?
Do I have to work in the United States as a Electrical Engineer?
Can I get work outside of the United States as a Electrical Engineer?
What can I research as a Electrical Engineer?
What sort of research can I do as a Electrical Engineer?
What kind of research can I do as a Electrical Engineer?
What sort of research can I do in Electrical Engineering?
How much work does a Electrical Engineering student have?
How much work should I expect to do as a Electrical Engineering student?
How much work should I expect to do as a Electrical Engineer?
What is the typical workload of a Electrical Engineer?
How long should I spend working on assignments as a Electrical Engineering student?
How many hours does a EE student spend doing assignments each week?
How long should I spend working on assignments as a EE student?
How long should I spend working on homework as a Electrical Engineering student?
How many hours does a EE student spend doing homework each week?
How long should I spend working on homework as a EE student?
How many hours does a Electrical Engineering student spend doing homework, each week?
How many people study Electrical Engineering each year?
How many students study EE each year?
How many people study EE each year?
Is the EE program at Penn State Behrend accredited?
Is the EE program at Behrend accredited?
Is the EE program accredited?
Is the Electrical Engineering program at Behrend accredited?
Is the Electrical Engineering program accredited?
What majors are similar to EE?
Are there majors similar to Electrical Engineering?
Are there majors similar to EE?
Is there a major that is similar to Electrical Engineering?
Is there a major that is similar to EE?
What is a good minor for a Electrical Engineer?
What should I minor in as a Electrical Engineer?
Is there a good minor for the Electrical Engineering major?
Is there a good minor for the EE major?
What does a Electrical Engineer do?
What is done in career in Electrical Engineering?
How many courses, in EE, are offered per semester?
How many Electrical Engineering courses are offered per semester?
How many EE courses are offered per semester?
Why do I need math courses as a Electrical Engineer?
Why am I required to take so many math courses as a Electrical Engineer?
Why am I required to take math courses as a Electrical Engineer?
What benefit do math courses provide to an Electrical Engineer?
Why do I need science courses as a Electrical Engineer?
Why am I required to take so many science courses as a Electrical Engineer?
Why am I required to take science courses as a Electrical Engineer?
What benefit do science courses provide to an Electrical Engineer?
Are there any campus jobs related to Electrical engineering?
Does Help Desk teach me skills for Electrical Engineering?
Are there any courses that are more difficult than the rest in Electrical Engineering?
Are there any courses that are more difficult than the rest in EE?
Are there any difficult courses in Electrical Engineering?
Are there any difficult courses in EE?
What are the most difficult courses in EE?
Are there any fun courses in Electrical Engineering?
Are there any fun courses in EE?
Is there a fun Electrical Engineering course?
Is there a fun EE course?
Are there fun EE courses?
What fun activities can I do, related to EE?
Are there any Electrical Engineering related activities that I can do?
Are there any EE related activities that I can do?
Is this the best school for EE?
Is Behrend the best college for EE?
Is Penn State Behrend the best school for EE?
Is Penn State Behrend the best college for EE?
Is Behrend the best school for EE?
Is this the best college for EE?
Is Behrend the best college for Electrical Engineering?
Is Penn State Behrend the best school for Electrical Engineering?
Is Penn State Behrend the best college for Electrical Engineering?
Is Behrend the best school for Electrical Engineering?
Is this the best college for Electrical Engineering?
Is EE the best major for me?
Am I suited for EE?
Will I be good at EE?
Does EE match my personality?
Am I suited for Electrical Engineering?
Will I be good at Electrical Engineering?
Does Electrical Engineering match my personality?
Do I have to take an introductory EE course?
Is there an introductory Electrical Engineering course?
Is there an introductory EE course?
Do I have to take an introductory EE class?
Is there an introductory Electrical Engineering class?
Is there an introductory EE class?
Do I have to take an introductory Electrical Engineering course?
What are the best things about a degree in EE?
What's good about a degree in Electrical Engineering?
What's good about majoring in Electrical Engineering?
What's good about a degree in EE?
What's good about majoring in EE?
What are the worst things about a degree in EE?
What's bad about a degree in Electrical Engineering?
What's bad about majoring in Electrical Engineering?
What's bad about a degree in EE?
What's bad about majoring in EE?
How can I switch my major to EE?
Can I change my major to Electrical Engineering?
How can I change my major to Electrical Engineering?
Can I change my major to EE?
How can I change my major to EE?
Do Electrical Engineers get hired by big companies?
Will I be able to get a job at Google, Microsoft, Amazon, or Facebook as a Electrical Engineer?
Will I be able to get a job at big companies like Google, Microsoft, Amazon, or Facebook as a Electrical Engineer?
Will I be able to get a job at big companies as a Electrical Engineer?
How likely am I to get a job at Google, Microsoft, Amazon, or Facebook as a Electrical Engineer?
Can I study EE at another campus?
Do I have to study Electrical Engineering at Behrend?
Do I have to study EE at Behrend?
What EE classes should I take before transferring to UP?
What EE classes should I take before transferring to University Park?
What EE courses should I take before transferring to UP?
What EE courses should I take before transferring to University Park?
What Electrical Engineering courses should I take before transferring to University Park?
What Electrical Engineering courses should I take before transferring to UP?
What Electrical Engineering classes should I take before transferring to University Park?
Is there something I can do as a Electrical Engineer that might not be considered Electrical Engineering?
What are some jobs that Electrical Engineers can do that aren't in EE?
Is there something I can do as a Electrical Engineer that might not be considered EE?
Is there a common line between the introductory Electrical Engineering courses?
What is the relationship between the introductory EE courses?
Is there a common line between the introductory EE courses?
What can I do after I get a major in Electrical Engineering?
What can I do after I get a major in EE?
What will a Electrical Engineering degree allow me to do?
What will a EE degree allow me to do?
What can I do with a EE degree?
What can I do with a Electrical Engineering degree?
What resources can I use to learn Electrical Engineering on my own?
What resources can I use to learn EE on my own?
What are some good resources for learning EE on my own?
Does Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering require more logic?
Which needs more logic: Computer Engineering or EE?
Which needs more logic: CMPEN or Electrical Engineering?
Which needs more logic: CMPEN or EE?
Does CMPEN or Electrical Engineering require more logic?
Does Computer Engineering or EE require more logic?
Does CMPEN or EE require more logic?
Is Electrical Engineering a relevant major at Penn State Behrend?
Is Electrical Engineering a relevant major at Behrend?
Is EE a relevant major at Behrend?
How relevant is EE at Penn State Behrend?
How relevant is EE at Behrend?
What's a profession I probably won't get as a Electrical Engineer?
Are there any professions I can't do as a Electrical Engineer?
Are there any companies that hire Electrical Engineers a lot?
Are there any companies I should look into as a Electrical Engineer?
Are there any famous Electrical Engineers?
Can I know who some famous Electrical Engineers are?
Will I do well in Electrical engineering as a women?
Do women do well in Electrical engineering?
Are women successful in EE?
Will I do well in EE as a women?
Do women do well in EE?
How does CS differ from Electrical Engineering?
How is CS different from Electrical Engineering?
What's different about CS compared to Electrical Engineering?
How do CS and Electrical Engineering differ?
How does Computer Science differ from Electrical Engineering?
How is Computer Science different from Electrical Engineering?
What's different about Computer Science compared to Electrical Engineering?
How do Computer Science and Electrical Engineering differ?
What's the difference between Computer Engineering and Electrical Engineering?
Do I have to do Electrical Engineering if I major in Electrical Engineering?
Do I have to do Electrical Engineering if I major in EE?
What skills should I have to be a Electrical Engineer?
What are necessary skills for a Electrical Engineer?
What are Beneficial Skills for EE Students
What skills should I obtain for majoring in EE
What skills should EE Students have?
Are there any necessary skills for a Electrical Engineering student?
How much do Electrical Engineers earn
What is the salary of Electrical Engineers
How much do Electrical Engineers make?
What are the components of Electrical Engineering theory?
What should I study to learn more about Electrical Engineering theory?
What does Electrical Engineering Theory consist of?
Can I see a list of Electrical Engineering Certifications?
What's the purpose of the Electrical Engineering Certifications?
Why should I get an Electrical Engineering Certification?
Why should I get an Electrical Engineering Certificate?
What do I need for the Circuits Certificate?
What are the requirements for the Circuits Certificate?
Can I see the Circuits Certificate?
Will becoming a Electrical Engineer benefit me in the future?
What does the Electrical Engineer job growth look like?
Does the future look promising for a Electrical Engineer?
Is it a good idea to become a Electrical Engineer?
What do I need for the Analog & Digital Electronics Certificate?
What are the requirements for the Analog & Digital Electronics Certificate?
Can I see the Analog & Digital Electronics Certificate?
What do I need for the Electric Machines & Control Certificate?
What are the requirements for the Electric Machines & Control Certificate?
Can I see the Electric Machines & Control Certificate?
What is the meaning of SE?
What is the meaning of the SE abbreviation?
What is the meaning of CS?
What is the meaning of the CS abbreviation?
What is the meaning of CSSE?
What is the meaning of the CSSE abbreviation?
What is the meaning of EE?
What is the meaning of the EE abbreviation?
What is the meaning of CMPEN?
What is the meaning of the CMPEN abbreviation?
What technical electives do you recommend for a Software Engineer?
What technical electives are good for Software Engineering?
What general education courses do you recommend for a Software Engineer?
What general education courses are good for Software Engineering?
What technical electives do you recommend for a Computer Science?
What technical electives are good for Computer Science?
What general education courses do you recommend for a Computer Science?
What general education courses are good for Computer Science?
What technical electives do you recommend for a Electrical Engineer?
What technical electives are good for Electrical Engineering?
What general education courses do you recommend for a Electrical Engineer?
What general education courses are good for Electrical Engineering?
What technical electives do you recommend for a Computer Engineer?
What technical electives are good for Computer Engineering?
What general education courses do you recommend for a Computer Engineer?
What general education courses are good for Computer Engineering?
How many math courses do I need to take as a Software Engineer?
How many math credits do I need to take as a Software Engineer?
Do I need to take a lot of math credits as a Software Engineer?
How many math courses do I need to take as a Computer Scientist?
Do I need to take a lot of math credits as a Computer Scientist?
How many math courses do I need to take as a Electrical Engineer?
How many math credits do I need to take as a Electrical Engineer?
Do I need to take a lot of math credits as a Electrical Engineer?
How many math courses do I need to take as a Computer Engineer?
Do I need to take a lot of math credits as a Computer Engineer?
Are there a lot of programming assignments in Software Engineering?
Should I expect to do a lot of programming as a Software Engineer?
About how many assignments involve programming in Software Engineering?
Are there a lot of programming assignments in Computer Science?
Should I expect to do a lot of programming as a Computer Scientist?
About how many assignments involve programming in Computer Science?
Are there a lot of programming assignments in Electrical Engineering?
Should I expect to do a lot of programming as a Electrical Engineer?
About how many assignments involve programming in Electrical Engineering?
Are there a lot of programming assignments in Computer Engineering?
Should I expect to do a lot of programming as a Computer Engineer?
About how many assignments involve programming in Computer Engineering?
What is the Software Engineering major for?
What should I expect to learn from the Software Engineering major?
What is the Computer Science major for?
What should I expect to learn from the Computer Science major?
What is the Electrical Engineering major for?
What should I expect to learn from the Electrical Engineering major?
What is the Computer Engineering major for?
What should I expect to learn from the Computer Engineering major?
What's the length of classes?
How long are classes usually?
What's the length of labs?
How long are labs usually?
How do a lab and a class differ?
Is there a difference between a lab and a class?
Can I see the Recommended Academic Plan for Computer Engineering?
Where can I find the RAP for Computer Engineering?
Where can I find the Recommended Academic Plan for Computer Engineering?
Can I see the RAP for Computer Engineering?
Can I see the Recommended Academic Plan for Electrical Engineering?
Where can I find the RAP for Electrical Engineering?
Where can I find the Recommended Academic Plan for Electrical Engineering?
Can I see the RAP for Electrical Engineering?
Can you take engineering courses for Penn State Behrend online?	
Can you take engineering courses for Behrend online?
Where can you go to apply for online engineering courses?
Where can you go to apply for online engineering courses at Behrend?
Where can you go to apply for online engineering courses at Penn State Behrend?
Can courses be taken during the summer or during Christmas break	
Can courses be taken during the summer?
Can courses be taken during Christmas?
Can I take courses outside of Spring and Fall semesters
Are there summer courses?
If summer courses are short, are they easier?	
Are summer courses easy?
Are summer courses hard?
How long are summer courses?	
Are summer courses as long as normal courses?
How many weeks are summer courses?
Are there limits on transfer credits?	
Is there a limit on transfer credits?
How many transfer credits do I get?
What is the Academic Review Board?	
Briefly describe the Academic Review Board
Can you explain what the Academic Review Board does?
Where is the department office?	
Where can I find the department office?