What is Penn State Behrend's tuition?
Where is Penn State Behrend located?
What is Erie, Pennsylvania like?
Which jobs are available for a Computer Engineer?
What types of classes does a Computer Engineering student take?
What is the difference between Computer Science and Computer Engineering?
How many years does it take to complete a degree in Computer Engineering?
How difficult is Computer Engineering?
Which schools offer the best Computer Engineering programs?
What engineering programs does Penn State Behrend have?
Does Penn State Behrend allow students to double major?
What is Penn State Behrend's ranking?
What is the required GPA score for entrance to Penn State Behrend?
What is the required SAT score for entrance to Penn State Behrend?
Does Penn State Behrend have a football team?
What is Computer Engineering?
What percentage of Computer Engineering students at Penn State Behrend graduate with a job offer?
How does Penn State Behrend's Computer Engineering program rank?
What skills are needed to pursue a career in Computer Engineering?
What is the student retention rate at Penn State Behrend?
What is the retention rate of Computer Engineering students at Penn State Behrend?
What percentage of students commute to Penn State Behrend?
What is the gender ratio at Penn State Behrend?
Does Penn State Behrend assist graduating students with job placement?
Does Penn State Behrend have a good reputation amongst employers?
What is the graduation rate for Penn State Behrend?
What are Penn State Behrend's colors?
What are the costs and benefits of pursuing a Master's degree, instead of a Bachelor's degree?
What are the costs and benefits of pursuing a Bachelor's degree, instead of a Master's degree?
Are Computer Engineers in high demand?
What types of internships are available for Computer Engineering students?
What are the costs and benefits of living on campus?
What are the costs and benefits of living off campus?
What math classes are required for a degree in Computer Engineering at Penn State Behrend?
What types of technology do Computer Engineers work with?
How much experience do I need to pursue a degree in Computer Engineering?
Is Computer Engineering a competitive field?
What is the grade requirement for passing a class in Penn State Behrend?
How does Penn State Behrend calculate a student's GPA?
How much time does a student typically spend reviewing notes outside of class?
How much time does a student typically spend doing homework?
How much hands-on experience will a Computer Engineering student gain at Penn State Behrend?
How are permit funds used at Penn State Behrend?
How can I get a scholarship?
What are typical commuter costs?
What is a typical class size at Penn State Behrend?
What are the dorms like at Penn State Behrend?
What is the difference between Software Engineering and Computer Engineering?
What are common interests and hobbies of Computer Engineers?
What type of experience is good for a student interested in pursuing Computer Engineering?
What is the cost of living in Erie, PA?
Does Penn State Behrend have clubs or groups dedicated to engineering?
Does Penn State Behrend assist students in finding internships and employment opportunities?
What classes can I take, in high school, to better prepare myself for a degree in Computer Engineering?
Will I have access to engineering labs or other practical skill building classes while at Penn State Behrend?
How cold does Erie get, in the winter?
When does winter start, in Erie?
Why does Penn State Behrend cost less than University Park?
How much does a Computer Engineer earn, on average?
What is the average income of an entry level Computer Engineer?
What kind of salary and benefits can I expect, if I pursue a career in Computer Engineering?
What type of academic schedule does Penn State Behrend follow?
How long does a semester typically run?
What percentage of Computer Engineers are satisfied with their job?
Is Penn State Behrend well known for specific programs?
What is the difference between Computer Science and Software Engineering?
Do Computer Science students have classes with engineering students?
What percentage of Computer Science students have an internship after their junior year of college?
What is the average cost of textbooks per semester?
What are the dining options on campus?
How flexible are the academic plans?
Is Penn State Behrend a party school?
What is the weather like in Erie, Pennsylvania?
What does a Computer Engineer do?
Can I travel, as a Computer Engineer?
Where can this degree take me, geographically?
What kind of research can I do in computer engineering?
How does the cost of a degree in Computer Engineering compare with the salary earned by Computer Engineers?
What options are available for adult students, to make school more manageable?
What is the typical workload of a Computer Engineering student?
How many hours does a Computer Engineering student spend doing assignments, each week?
Is the grading scale standardized?
How can I get good grades?
Does Penn State Behrend use online textbooks?
Does Penn State Behrend have a college book store?
Is it less expensive to buy textbooks online or at the college book store?
What are bathrooms like in on-campus housing?
Does campus dining offer soup?
What is the crime rate at Penn State Behrend?
Are there police on campus?
How many credits does the average student take?
How many credits does an honors student take?
What is the minimum amount of credits a student can take each semester?
Where can I learn more about the professors at Penn State Behrend?
How many students study Computer Engineering each year?
Is the Computer Engineering program at Penn State Behrend accredited?
What majors are similar to Computer Engineering?
What is the Penn State Behrend's sport nickname?
What minors go well with a major in Computer Engineering?
What do software engineers do?
How do I know what courses to take next semester?
What do Computer Scientists do?
What are the reputations of the faculty and school itself?
How can I find a job after graduation?
What if my professors aeren't fair?
How many students get a job right after graduating?
Will I understand the material?
How are we going to apply learned skills in real life?
What is the on-campus lab and equipment quality?
What are the professors like?
Does the school offer great technology and tools to learn?
How can I afford this?
Can I commute?
How hard is it to find parking on campus?
What is the campus like?
How many students get an internship while at Behrend?
Should I go to University Park?
What miscellaneous costs I should expect, while attending school?
Can I bring my game consoles to school?
What should I buy for my dorm?
What kind of computer is recommended?
Does the school offer free software?
How many professors are there in the engineering department?
Are there any on campus jobs related to Computer Engineering?
Are professors available to talk outside of class?
Does Penn State Behrend have tutors?
What are the most difficult courses in Computer Engineering?
Are there fun Computer Engineering courses?
What fun activities can I do, related to Computer Engineering?
Is this the best school for Computer Engineering?
Is Computer Engineering the best major for me?
Do I have to take an introductory Computer Engineering class?
What are the best things about a degree in Computer Engineering?
What are the worst things about a degree in Computer Engineering?
What is the difference between Software Engineering and Electrical Engineering?
How can I switch my major to Computer Engineering?
Do Computer Engineers get hired by companies like Google, Microsoft, Amazon, and Facebook?
Can I study Computer Engineering at another campus?
What are the benefits of having prerequisite courses?
How many courses, in Computer Engineering, are offered per semester?
Why does a Computer Engineer need to take a lot of math courses?
Why does a Computer Engineer need to take science courses?
How do Penn State Behrend's parking fees compare to other campuses?
Does Penn State Behrend have resources for people who want to create their own company?
Is it possible to create your own research project, while at Penn State Behrend?
What are the benefits of attending a small school?
What are the benefits of small classes?
What Computer Engineering classes should I take before transfering to UP?
What are some jobs that Computer Engineers can do that aren't in Computer Engineering?
Where can I find out about campus jobs?
If I have an interest that isn't offered at Penn State Behrend, can I create a new club?
What is the relationship between the introductory computer science courses?
Does Penn State Behrend offer study abroad opportunities?
What are some of the differences between high school and college?
Does Penn State offer college courses for high school juniors or seniors?
What can I do after learning Computer Engineering?
What are some good resources for learning Computer Engineering on my own?
Will I be a good fit for Penn State Behrend?
What can I do if I am doing poorly in a class?
Which needs more logic: computer science or computer engineering?
What is the area like around Penn State Behrend?
How relevant is Computer Engineering at Penn State Behrend?
What are some unlikely professions for Computer Engineers?
How much time should I devote to studying, each week?
How do I know whether my credits will transfer to Penn State Behrend?
Which companies hire a lot of Computer Engineers?
Who are some famous Computer Engineers?
Does Penn State Behrend host hackathons?
What is the Penn State Behrend Honors Program?
Why should I join the Penn State Behrend Honors Program?
Are Honors students seperated from the rest of the student community?
Are Honors courses "extra" courses in addition to degree requirements?
Won't the minimum Honors credit requirement be difficult to complete?
What classes count as Honors credits?
How is an Honors course or seminar different from other courses?
How high does my GPA have to be to remain eligible for Honors?
Is a meal plan available to commuter students?
Where are good places to study?
Should I get a Flu Shot?
Does it cost money to ride the bus?
Is the bus a reliable mode of transportation?
What engineering programs have certificates associated with them?
What do I need to bring with me to get a Penn State ID card?
What is LionCash?
What are the benefits of LionCash?
Where do I go to register for courses?
Are first year students guaranteed on-campus housing at Penn State Behrend?
Are extracurricular activities in college important?
How important is it to declare a major in the first year of college?
Is selling my used textbooks a good idea?
What are some good ways to stay active while in college?
What can I expect my freshman year out of college to be like?
What is an internship?
What is a co-op?
What is the FAFSA?
What time management strategies will help a college student?
What is job shadowing?
Can I take my pet to college?
Does campus housing affect the value of my college experience?
How can I avoid the freshmen fifteen?
What is senioritis?
What is the freshmen fifteen?
How can I avoid senioritis?
Are classes more lecture-based or discussion-based?
Are there any must-have professors?
Are students usually able to take their first choice courses?
How's the Wi-Fi?
Is it easy to change your major?
Are finals more exam-based or project / essay-based?
What are the hours for the library?
What kind of learning disability resources does Penn State offer?
What kind of resources are there for international students?
Are academic advisers accesible?
Are academic advisers effective?
How helpful is health services?
Is there career counseling?
Do the dining halls accomodate special dietary restrictions?
Are you able to switch rooms if you don't like your roommate?
Where do students tend to hang out on campus?
How ethnically diverse is Penn State Behrend?
Do students stick around or go home on weekends?
Is it easy to get around off campus without a car?
How many students work part-time?
What's unique about Penn State Behrend?
How many international students are there?
How many clubs are at Penn State Behrend?
Do sports play a large role on campus?
How do I make friends?
What are the supply room's hours?
What does the Accounting Club do?
What does the Art Club do?
What does the Auto Club do?
What does the Beasts of Behrend Club do?
What does the Behrend Beacon Club do?
What does the Behrend Chess Club do?
What does the Behrend Communication Networks Club do?
What does the Behrend Gaming Club do?
What does the Behrend Design group do?
What does the Behrend Musicians Club do?
What does the Behrend Off-Roading Club do?
What does the Behrend Robotics Club do?
What does the Behrend Students Against Violence Everywhere Club do?
What does the Biology Club do?
What does the Bread Circus Club do?
What does the Chemistry Club do?
What does the Chinese Cultural Advancement Club do?
What does the Circle K Club do?
What does the College Democrats club do?
What does the College Republicans club do?
What does Cru do?
What does the Cultural Cooking Club do?
What does the Dance Team do?
What does the Disc Golf Club do?
What does the Diverse Organization of Photo & Video Enthusiasts do?
What does Engineers Without Borders do?
What does the Equestrian Club do?
What does the Financial Management Association do?
What does the Financial Planning Association Club do?
What does the Game Developer's Club do?
What does Greener Behrend do?
What does the Hockey Club do?
What does Just 'Cuz do?
What does the Management Information System Club do?
What does the Marketing Club do?
What does the Martial Arts Club do?
What does the Math Club do?
What does Nanashi: The Anime Club do?
What does the Outdoors Club do?
What does Pathfinders do?
What does the PC Gaming Club do?
What does the Penn State Behrend Airsoft Club do?
What does the Penn State Behrend Entrepreneur Club do?
What does the Penn State Behrend Model United Nations Club do?
What does the Penn State Behrend Sailing Club do?
What does the Physics and Astronomy Society do?
What does the Plastics Engineering Club do?
What does Project Paws do?
What does the PSB Performance Band do?
What does the PSB Racquet Club do?
What does the Psychology Club do?
What does Reality Check do?
What does the Ski & Ride Club do?
What does the Soccer Club do?
What does the Behrend Fencing Group do?
What does the Project and Supply Chain Management Club do?
What does the Ultimate Frisbee Club do?
What does the Volleyball Club do?
What is Behrend Benefitting Thon?
How do I find out who my advisor is?
What do I do if I feel threatened on campus?
What do I do to find my professor's office hours?
What's the best place to get coffee on campus?
Can I check lab schedules online?
Where can I check lab schedules online?
Are there places that I can work or study in groups?
What services does the library offer?
Is there a place I can go to create a video in quiet?
What is Penn State's island in Second Life?
Are there clubs connected to gaming?
What is a hackathon?
Who can participate in hackathons?
Do I need to pay to participate in a hackathon?
Where can I smoke?
Is there an onsite daycare facility?
Are there any curfews with the dorms?
Is there a dress code?
Is the WiFi free?
Where can I find a professor's research interests?
Are there online courses?
Do online courses take more or less work than normal courses?
What is the alcohol policy on campus?
What is the retention rate of students?
What should I do if there is a problem with my degree audit?
How many tests are there per semester usually?
Is attendance important?
How large is the campus?
How many buildings are on campus?
Is the campus urban, suburban, or rural?
Are women and men separated in on-campus housing?
Are events held on campus?
What is a deferred grade?
What is withdrawal?
What's the difference between dropping a course and withdrawing?
What are the benefits of dropping a course?
Are women successful in computer engineering?
Are databases and networking important for a software engineer?
Where are the health centers on campus?
Which programming languages can be used in Computer Science?
Show me a list of programming languages used in Computer Science.
What languages can I use or learn in Computer Science?
What is the academic background of Artificial Intelligence (AI) professionals?
What coursework should I study for Artificial Intelligence (AI)?
What degree is will prepare me for a career in Artificial Intelligence (AI)?
Can you give me some advice on choosing between computer science or computer engineering?
I canⴠdecide whether to study Computer Science or Computer Engineering.
Help me explain the difference between study computer science or computer engineering
How to distinguish computer science or computer engineering
Artificial Intelligence(AI) Professionals Earning Outlook
How much do Artificial Intelligence(AI) Professionals earn
What is the salary of Artificial Intelligence(AI) Professionals
How much do Artificial Intelligence(AI) Specialists make
Can you show me some Artificial Intelligence(AI) application examples
What Artificial Intelligence(AI) is used in real world
Bring me some applications of Artificial Intelligence(AI)
What does Artificial Intelligence(AI) applies to
What is Artificial Intelligence(AI) use for
Show me some Artificial Intelligence(AI) Applications
What applications that use Artificial Intelligence(AI)
What are Branches for Artificial Intelligence(AI)
What sub-topics are there for Artificial Intelligence(AI)
What Branch can I study for Artificial Intelligence(AI)
What is the sub-category for Artificial Intelligence(AI)
Can I become A Software Engineer with Computer Science Degree
Should I worry about being a female computer engineer
Are female successful in computer engineering
How does it feel like being a female engineer
What are Beneficial Skills for Computer Science Students
What skills should I obtain for majoring in Computer Science
What skills should Computer Science Students have
Briefly define what is Software Engineer
what is Software Engineer in a short definition
Explain what is Software Engineer
What are common misconceptions about what software engineers do?
What tasks does Software Engineer work with
What is the Careers outlook for Computer Engineering
What does Computer Engineer do
What are Components of Computer Science Theory
What subjects does theoretical Computer Science study
What topics are included in the study of theoretical Computer Science
What should I study for Computer Science Theory
What are Computer Engineering Certifications
Should I get a Computer Engineering Certification
Show me the information about Computer Engineering Certification
What is the Computer Systems Analyst job growth looks like
Is the Computer Systems Analyst a growing profession
Computer and Information Research Scientist occupation growth outlook
Is the Computer and Information Research Scientist a growing profession
What is the Concept of Computer Engineering
Explain what is Computer Engineering
Briefly define what is Computer Engineering
What is the Concept of Computer Information Systems
Explain what is Computer Information Systems
Briefly define what is Computer Information Systems
What is the Concept of Information Technology
Explain what is Information Technology
Briefly define what is Information Technology
Briefly define Computer Forensics
What is the Concept of Computer Forensics
Explain what is Computer Forensics
Does a Computer Engineering Degree Teach You to Design Software or Hardware
Does a Computer Science Degree Require A Lot of Math Courses
Do I have to learn a Lot of Math Courses in order to study Computer Science
Do I have to be good at math to study Computer Science
My math isn't good, can I still study Computer Science
Does the Healthcare Industry Hire People with Computer Science Degrees
What is the General Coursework in a Computer Engineering Degree
What course should I take for majoring in Computer Engineering
How Algorithms Are Analyzed in computer science
Explain Algorithms in computer science
What is Algorithm in computer science
Show me an example of Algorithms related application in computer science
What is P vs. NP in computer science
What is the basic concept of designing Algorithms in computer science
What does Algorithms design focus on
How Can a Computer Geek Develop Good Communication Skills
How Do I Find a Good MasterⳠin Computer Design Program
How Does Social Media Affect an Information Technology Professional
How Does an IT Professional Keep Up with Changing Technology
How Long Does It Take to Earn a MasterⳠDegree
How Much Can I Earn with a MasterⳠDegree
How Much Does It Cost to Earn a Computer Science MasterⳠDegree
How to Become a Computer and Information Research Scientist
Can I Become a Computer and Information Research Scientist
How to Get a Job in Computer Forensics
What does Computer Forensics study
What should I study for Computer Forensics
What does Computer Forensics focus on
What jobs are available in Computer Forensics
Can computer science graduates apply jobs for Computer Forensics
How to Start a Computer Science Blog
What major should I study to be an IT Project Manager
What does IT Project Manager do
What are IT Project Manager's tasks
What is IT Project Manager
Show me what IT Project Manager usually do
What knowledges are required for being an IT Project Manager
What should I study to be an IT Project Manager
What is Information Security Analyst
What does Information Security Analyst do
What is the job prediction of Information Security Analyst
What is the career outlook for Information Security Analyst
What major is good for Information Security Analyst
What is the income of Information Security Analyst
How much can I make if I am an Information Security Analyst
Is Computer Science a Growing Industry
Is Computer Science right for me
I'm have trouble on deciding major in computer science or not, how can I make my choice
What should I consider before I go into field of computer science
Why should I study computer science
Can you explain to me whether should I study computer science
Is Computer Science the same as programming
Is Computer Science the same as coding
I'm good at programming, should I study computer science
I'm good at programming, what major should I study
Is engineering right for me
Can you explain to me about engineering
Should I study engineering
Will become an engineer helpful
Give me an introduction of engineering
Are there positions in Education for Computer Science Professionals
Are there positions in Education for software engineering Professionals
Can I educate Computer Science after I get a Computer Science degree
Can I educate Computer Science after I get a software engineering degree
I want to teach computer courses after graduation, what major should I study
What is Required Coursework for Computer Forensics
What course should I take if I am interested in Computer Forensics
What course will prepare me for studying Computer Forensics
What subjects are helpful to learn for Computer Forensics
What kind Research can I do in Artificial Intelligence(AI)
Show me an example of doing Research in Artificial Intelligence(AI)
What should I know before applying research in Artificial Intelligence(AI)
Should I go to Silicon Valley after graduate from computer science major
What is the Software Developer occupation growth outlook
What is the Software Developer job prediction
What is the Software Developer career outlook
How much does Software Developer make
What are the Specializations in Computer Engineering
What should I study if I want to Specialize in Computer Engineering
What can I Specialize in Computer Engineering
The Difference Between High-Level and Low-Level Programming
What is High-Level Programming
What is Low-Level Programming
How much does Web Designer earn
What is Web Designer career Outlook
What is Web Developer
What is Web Developer occupation growth looks like
Show me Web Developer job prediction
What Are Fundamental Skills Necessary for Computer Science Major
What essential skill for Computer Science Major
What coursework should I focus on for Computer Science Major
Show me a recommended schedule for Computer Science Major
What major courses should I take for Computer Science Major
What elective courses should I take for Computer Science Major
What Can I Do with a Web Design Degree
Is there a Web Design Degree
What Careers Are Available for Applied Computing Technology(ACT)
What Courses Should I Take for Mobile Computing
Show me some useful information about mobile development
What skills can help me on mobile development
What course should I take for mobile development
What is mobile computing
What Does Computer and Information Research Scientist Do
What research can I do if I'm interested in studying discrete mathematics, computation theory, algorithms and data structures
What Does an Algorithm Specialist Do
What can I do if I like to write and improve fast algorithms
What Types of Companies Hire Applied Computing Technology(ACT)
What a Computer Science Degree Program is Like
What can I do with a Computer Science Degree
Can I use my Computer Science Degree in business profession
What companies can I work for with a Computer Science Degree
What can I do with a minor in Computer Science
Should I minor in Computer Science
What is the benefit of minoring in Computer Science
What does Computer Science minor offer me
What can I major at to become a Computer Network Architect
What is Computer Network Architect
What courses should I take in high school, in order to prepare me for Computer Science
What should I learn in high school for Computer Science degree
Should I take AP Computer Science course in high school if I'm interested in Computer Science major
What programming language can I start to learn in high school if I'm interested in Computer Science major
What does Low-Level Programmer Do
What is Low-Level programming
What major should I study for Low-Level programming
What is Algorithms in computer science
What is Applied Computing Technology(ACT)
What is Artificial Intelligence
What is Open Data
What is Theoretical Computer Science
What is a Computer Systems Analyst
What is a Computer and Information Research Scientist
What is computer engineering
What job opportunities are there for computer engineers
What jobs are available to Computer Science major students
What kind of a student succeeds as a Computer Science major
Show me some characteristics that will help my Computer Science career
What minors go well with a Computer Science degree
What minors can I take If I'm majoring in Computer Science
What set of skills do I need to be a computer engineer
What skills do you need to be a computer systems analyst
What skills or talents will help me succeed in Computer Science
What type of Companies hire Someone with a Computer Science Degree
What kind of companies can I work in after graduate from Computer Science
What's the difference between computer engineering and computer science
What Is the Computer ScientistⳠRole in a Hospital
Where can I find job in other places than Northern California for Computer Science Majors
What are computer systems analyst's tasks
What are computer systems analystⳠNecessary skills
what should I study if I⭠good at cyber security?
What majors are offered to study web development?
why study computer science at Penn State Behrend?
what is the outcome of learning computer science?
what job can I work for after learning computer science?
what major should I study for operating system?
what major should I study for software development?
What does it feel like to be a computer science major student?
What languages are used in Computer Science?
Do I need to own my own personal computer?
What should I do after checking the Computer Science curriculum
Can a Computer Scientist Find a Role in the Field of Education?
Can I Become a Software Engineer With a Computer Science Degree?
Can I Get an IT Job Right Out of High School?
Do Computer Programmers Work Long Hours?
How Important is an Internship to Launch a Career in Computer Science?
What Computer programming Languages are Used in Video Game Design?
What Courses Will Transfer Into a Computer Science Degree?
What Does a Database Administrator Do?
What is a Career in Robotics Technology Like?
What is a Systems Administrator?
What is ABET?
What is Cloud Computing?
What is Data Mining?
What is the Best Programming Language to Learn?
What is the Field of Cryptography?
Will Computers Ever Be Able to Think on Their Own?
What degrees does the School of Engineering offer?
Is undergraduate research possible for computer science major?
Is undergraduate research possible for Software engineering major?
What is the difference between computer science, computer engineering, and software engineering?
What is Machine Learning?
What jobs are available for a Software Engineer?
What types of classes does a Software Engineering student take?
How many years does it take to complete a degree in Software Engineering?
How difficult is Software Engineering?
Which schools offer the best Software Engineering programs?
What is Software Engineering?
Are Software Engineers in high demand?
What types of technology do Software Engineers work with?
How much experience do I need to pursue a degree in Software Engineering?
Is Software Engineering a competitive field?
How much hands-on experience will a Software Engineering student gain at Penn State Behrend?
What type of experience is good for a student interested in pursuing Software Engineering?
What classes can I take, in high school, to better prepare myself for a degree in Software Engineering?
How much does a Software Engineer earn, on average?
What is the average income of an entry level Software Engineer?
What kind of salary and benefits can I expect, if I pursue a career in software Engineering?
What percentage of Software Engineers are satisfied with their job?
Are there any on campus jobs related to Software Engineering?
What is the typical workload of a Software Engineering student?
Is the Software Engineering program at Penn State Behrend accredited?
What minors go well with a major in Software Engineering?
Is this the best school for Software Engineering?
What are the best things about a degree in Software Engineering?
What are the worst things about a degree in Software Engineering?
Why does a Software Engineer need to take a lot of math courses?
Why does a Software Engineer need to take science courses?
Who are some famous Software Engineers?
What are beneficial skills for Software Engineers?
What does an Electrical Engineer do?
What jobs are available for an Electrical Engineer?
What types of classes does an Electrical Engineering student take?
How difficult is Electrical Engineering?
What is computer engineering used for?
How well will I do in my field?
What can I study, to make variables and functions less confusing?
How many years will I be at Penn State Behrend?
Is Penn State Behrend affordable?
Will I be good at programming?
Is it hard to get a job as a computer engineer?
Will I still enjoy computer science after taking classes in the field?
Is computer science related to game development?
Will I be the best at computer science?
What can I use my major for in the real world?
How much math is involved in computer science?
How many graduates in computer science are hired?
Will I enjoy computer science?
Does it make sense for me to study computer science?
Will I enjoy myself as much at Behrend as opposed to UP?
Is it okay if I pursue computer science even if I do not currently understand computers?
Do I really want to study computer science?
What if everyone is better at programming than I am?
How do I know if this is something that I want to do?
What is the job forecast for Computer Engineering?
Will I make friends here?
Does Penn State Behrend have a strong Computer Science program?
Should I pursue a history degree or some other degree?
What job opportunities are there for Computer Scientists?
Are there many job opportunities for Computer Scientists?
Do you have to be very good at computer programming to be hired?
What is the ranking for Penn State Behrend's Computer Science program?
Who hires computer engineers?
Can I keep up with the work load?
Do professors at Penn State Behrend have prior teaching experience?
Will I be able to handle my classes?
Can programming help me find a job anywhere in the world?
Will I enjoy programming for the rest of my life?
What is the difference between programming and magic?
Will I learn a lot of practical skills from Penn State Behrend's computer science program?
Does the campus have a music program or a strong music club?
What are some things I can do to keep myself happy, while in college?
What is the environment like at Penn State Behrend?
Where will I be able to work with a computer science degree?
Which major would I enjoy?
Which major would I be good at?
Which major would have the most job openings?
Which major has the best professors?
How can I introduce my friends to Computer Science?
What are the most interesting things about Computer Science?
What do I need to graduate in this major?
What are some of the differences between economics and computer science?
How will I find work, if there are so many people learning to program?
As an international student, how can I pay as little as possible for tuition?
Where can I learn about programming with external files?
What is the payrate for a computer scientist?
What will I like most about computer science?
How do I know if Penn State Behrend is the right school for me?
What is the job forecast for Software Engineering?
Is it hard to find a good job after graduation?
Am I prepared for my major?
Am I interested in Computer Science?
How can I find a work study job to help pay for living expenses?
What is the location of Penn State Behrend?
Why do computer scientists make less than computer engineers?
How broad is computer science?
How many different types of jobs are available for computer scientists?
What are some career paths I should consider after getting my degree in computer science?
Does Penn State Behrend serve ice cream?
What competitive opportunities will I have, as a computer scientist?
What are some fun things to do in Erie?
Which majors should I consider?
Would I be able to work from home, as a computer scientist?
Does Penn State Behrend have any niche programs?
What are some non-technical jobs that allow me to utilize my technical skills?
What is the average income of an entry level Electrical Engineer?
What opportunities are there to improve the environment of Penn State Behrend?
How can I make sure that I have all of my graduation requirements fulfilled?
Where can I get a suit for interviews?
What percentage of Penn State Behrend consists of international students?
Is Penn State Behrend a good school for the first two years of college?
Why am I taking classes unrelated to my degree?
What is Penn State Behrend's school culture?
What is Penn State Behrend's alma mater?
How can I translate my hobbies into a career?
Where can I learn more about my professors?
Where can I give feedback about my professors?
Does Penn State Behrend recycle?
Who can I talk to about my problems?
Is there a support group for students with disabilities?
Does Penn State Behrend accommodate students with disabilities?
How do I know if I have a learning disability?
Are there enough elevators and automatic doors at Penn State Behrend for students with disabilities?
Will dyslexia prevent me from being a good programmer?
What are some of the drawbacks of going to school near home?
How much does Behrend recycle?
What scores do I need to get into my preferred major?
Are the weather conditions in Erie dangerous?
Can I study Computer Science while doing an exchange program?
Can I study Computer Engineering while doing an exchange program?
Can I study Software Engineering while doing an exchange program?
Does study abroad cost a lot more than regular tuition?
Does Penn State Behrend have informational packets about their engineering programs to distribute to high school students?
Can high school students sit in on an engineering class at Penn State Behrend?
What should I do if I am failing my classes?
What programming languages do they use in Europe?
Does Behrend offer the right courses for me or should I go to another campus?
Will Computer Science interest me?
Do I need to be very good at English to be a good programmer?
Should I practice programming before starting college?
How helpful is the staff around campus?
Is there a difference between branch campuses and main campus?
Should I expect to find a job right after graduating?
Can I talk to other Behrend students to learn more about my major?
Can I talk to other Behrend students to learn more about the school?
Will my major restrict or limit my future working environment?
How many months does it usually take to find a job?
Will I be able to practice my networking skills with someone before going to the career fair?
Which major will help me get a career as a network administrator?
Should I get a computer engineering degree if my skills are already proficient?
Who deals with more difficult math, a computer engineer or a computer scientist?
Is there a good place to relax on campus?
What are the differences between all of the engineering fields Behrend offers?
How often can I study abroad?
What services does the ACPC offer to help me get a job?
Can the ACPC help me get an internship?
Is it common for students to change their major after their Freshman year?
How many dorms are there on campus?
What are the best minors for engineering fields?
What is the campus like?
How many professors, at Behrend, teach Software Engineering?
How can I sign up to receive Behrend's mobile alerts?
Does Behrend offer volunteer opportunities during the holidays?
What are the SRTEs?
How do Behrend's professors compare to other university's professors?
Does Behrend have a volleyball team?
Where can I learn more about scholarships?
When is tuition due?
What programming languages do they use in Asia?
What programming languages do they use in Africa?
What programming languages do they use in Australia?
What programming languages do they use in South America?
Will Software Engineering interest me?
Will Computer Engineering interest me?
Can Behrend host my Software Engineering blog?
Can Behrend host my Computer Engineering blog?
Can Behrend host my Computer Science blog?
How can I sign up to receive Behrend's email alerts?
How many professors, at Behrend, teach Computer Engineering?
How many professors, at Behrend, teach Computer Science?
Which professors, at Behrend, teach Computer Science?
Which professors, at Behrend, teach Computer Engineering?
Which professors, at Behrend, teach Software Engineering?
What kinds of athletic teams does Behrend have?
Should I get a computer science degree if my skills are already proficient?
Should I get a software engineering degree if my skills are already proficient?
How can I become a software applications developer?
What is a software applications developer?
How can I become a computer systems analyst?
What is a computer systems analyst?
What are the duties of a software applications developer?
What are the duties of a computer systems analyst?
How much does a software applications developer earn?
How much does a computer systems analyst earn?
How can I become a computer systems engineer?
What is a  computer systems engineer?
What are the duties of a computer systems engineer?
How much does a computer systems engineer earn?
How can I become a network systems administrator?
What is a network systems administrator?
What are the duties of a network systems administrator?
How much does a network systems administrator earn?
How can I become a database administrator?
What is a database administrator?
What are the duties of a database administrator?
How much does a database administrator earn?
How can I become a business intelligence analyst?
What is a business intelligence analyst?
What are the duties of a business intelligence analyst?
How much does a business intelligence analyst earn?
How can I become a web developer?
What is a web developer?
What are the duties of a web developer?
How much does a web developer earn?
How can I become a computer programmer?
What is a computer programmer?
What are the duties of a computer programmer?
How much does a computer programmer earn?
How can I become a software systems developer?
What is a software systems developer?
What are the duties of a software systems developer?
How much does a software systems developer earn?
How can I become a software quality assurance tester?
What is a software quality assurance tester?
What are the duties of a software quality assurance tester?
How much does a software quality assurance tester earn?
What percentage of students are female?
What percentage of students are international?
What percentage of students are adult students?
What percentage of students attend school full time?
What percentage of students have had a co-op experience?
Do I need to find a job right after graduation?
Can you tell me a joke about Penn State Erie?
Can you tell me a joke about Penn State Erie, the Behrend college?
Can you tell me a joke about Penn State Behrend?
Can you tell me a joke about behrend?
Can you show me the Contact information of Penn State Erie, The Behrend College?
What is the general Contact information of Penn State Erie, The Behrend College?
Can you show me the Contact information of Behrend?
What is the general Contact information of Behrend?
What is the General COURSE NUMBERING SYSTEM of Penn State Erie, The Behrend College?
What is the General COURSE NUMBERING SYSTEM of Behrend?
What is the General COURSE NUMBERING SYSTEM?
Show me a description of Penn State Erie, The Behrend College
tell me something about Penn State Erie, The Behrend College
Show me a description of Behrend college
Tell me something about Behrend college
WHAT IS GENERAL EDUCATION?
WHAT IS GENERAL EDUCATION in Penn State Erie, The Behrend College?
WHAT IS GENERAL EDUCATION in Behrend college?
What General Education courses can I substitute?
What alternative General Education courses are there?
Can I replace General Education courses by something else?
What are Health and Physical Activity courses for?
Why should I take Health and Physical Activity courses?
What are Social and Behavioral Sciences courses for?
Why should I take Social and Behavioral Sciences courses?
What are the GENERAL EDUCATION (GE) REQUIREMENTS for ASSOCIATE DEGREE?
What are the GENERAL EDUCATION (GE) REQUIREMENTS for BACCALAUREATE DEGREE?
What courses are considered as General Education (GE) Course?
What General Education (GE) Course I can take?
Show me a list of General Education (GE) Courses
What General Education (GE) Courses are there?
What courses can I take for GENERAL EDUCATION?
What is First Year Engagement Program?
Do I have to take First Year Engagement Program?
Do transfer students need to take First Year Engagement Program?
What is THE BACCALAUREATE DEGREE GENERAL EDUCATION PROGRAM?
What is THE ASSOCIATE DEGREE GENERAL EDUCATION PROGRAM?
What is the purpose of studying Arts?
What is the purpose of studying General Education?
What is the purpose of studying Humanities courses?
What is the purpose of studying International Cultures?
What is the purpose of studying Natural Sciences?
What is the purpose of studying Social and Behavioral Sciences courses?
What is the purpose of studying United States Cultures courses?
why should I study Arts?
why should I study General Education?
why should I study Humanities courses?
why should I study International Cultures?
why should I study Natural Sciences?
why should I study Social and Behavioral Sciences courses?
why should I study United States Cultures courses?
Do I have to take Art courses?
Do I have to take General Education courses?
Do I have to take Humanities courses?
Do I have to take International Cultures?
Do I have to take Natural Sciences?
Do I have to take Social and Behavioral Sciences courses?
Do I have to take United States Cultures courses?
What will I learn for studying Humanities courses?
why should I study Humanities courses?
Do I have to take Humanities courses?
What is the writing courses in each major?
What do I study in the writing courses in each major?
What do I usually study in a writing courses?
Why there is a writing courses in each major?
What does the letter W stands for in the course name?
What is the difference between regular course and course with W appended?
Why should I take the writing courses in for my major?
What are writing courses for computer science (CS) major?
What are writing courses for software engineering (SE) major?
What Baccalaureate Degrees does Penn State Erie, The Behrend College offer?
What Baccalaureate Degrees does Behrend offer?
What Baccalaureate Degrees can I get from Penn State Erie, The Behrend College offer?
What Baccalaureate Degrees can I get from Behrend?
What Associate Degrees does Penn State Erie, The Behrend College offer?
What Associate Degrees does Behrend offer?
What Associate Degrees can I get from Penn State Erie, The Behrend College offer?
What Minor Degrees can I get from Behrend?
What Minor Degrees does Penn State Erie, The Behrend College offer?
What Minor Degrees does Behrend offer?
What Minor Degrees can I get from Penn State Erie, The Behrend College offer?
What Minor Degrees can I get from Behrend?
Show me a Recommended Academic Plans for computer science degree
Show me a Recommended Academic Plans for software engineering degree
What is the Recommended Academic Plans for computer science degree?
What is the Recommended Academic Plans for software engineering degree?
Can you help me on planing courses for computer science degree?
Can you help me on planing courses for software engineering degree?
What courses should I take for computer science degree?
What courses should I take for software engineering degree?
How many professors, at Behrend, teach Electrical Engineering?
Which professors, at Behrend, teach Electrical Engineering?
How can I become a computer animator?
What is a  computer animator?
What are the duties of a computer animator?
How much does a computer animator earn?
How can I become a data scientist?
What is a data scientist?
What are the duties of a data scientist?
How much does a data scientist earn?
How can I become a graphic designer?
What is a  graphic designer?
What are the duties of a graphic designer?
How much does a graphic designer earn?
How can I become a hardware engineer?
What is a  hardware engineer?
What are the duties of a hardware engineer?
How much does a hardware engineer earn?
How can I become a health information technician?
What is a health information technician?
What are the duties of a health information technician?
How much does a health information technician earn?
How can I become a network architect?
What is a network architect?
What are the duties of a network architect?
How much does a network architect earn?
How can I become a user interface developer?
What is a user interface developer?
What are the duties of a user interface developer?
How much does a user interface developer earn?
How can I become a video game designer?
What is a  video game designer?
What are the duties of a video game designer?
How much does a video game designer earn?
What is the difference between Electrical Engineering and Computer Engineering?
How many years does it take to complete a degree in Electrical Engineering?
Which schools offer the best Electrical Engineering programs?
What is Electrical Engineering?
What percentage of Electrical Engineering students at Penn State Behrend graduate with a job offer?
How does Penn State Behrend's Electrical Engineering program rank?
What skills are needed to pursue a career in Electrical Engineering?
What is the retention rate of Electrical Engineering students at Penn State Behrend?
Are Electrical Engineers in high demand?
What types of internships are available for Electrical Engineering students?
What math classes are required for a degree in Electrical Engineering at Penn State Behrend?
What types of technology do Electrical Engineers work with?
How much experience do I need to pursue a degree in Electrical Engineering?
Is Electrical Engineering a competitive field?
How much hands-on experience will an Electrical Engineering student gain at Penn State Behrend?
What are common interests and hobbies of Electrical Engineers?
What type of experience is good for a student interested in pursuing Electrical Engineering?
What classes can I take, in high school, to better prepare myself for a degree in Electrical Engineering?
How much does an Electrical Engineer earn, on average?
What kind of salary and benefits can I expect, if I pursue a career in Electrical Engineering?
What percentage of Electrical Engineers are satisfied with their job?
Do Electrical Engineering students have classes with other engineering students?
Can I travel, as an Electrical Engineer?
What kind of research can I do in Electrical Engineering?
How does the cost of a degree in Electrical Engineering compare with the salary earned by Electrical Engineers?
What is the typical workload of an Electrical Engineering student?
How many hours does an Electrical Engineering student spend doing assignments, each week?
How many students study Electrical Engineering each year?
Is the Electrical Engineering program at Penn State Behrend accredited?
What majors are similar to Electrical Engineering?
What minors go well with a major in Electrical Engineering?
What do Electrical Engineers do?
How many courses, in Electrical Engineering, are offered per semester?
Why does an Electrical Engineer need to take a lot of math courses?
Why does an Electrical Engineer need to take science courses?
Are there any on campus jobs related to Electrical Engineering?
What are the most difficult courses in Electrical Engineering?
Are there fun Electrical Engineering courses?
What fun activities can I do, related to Electrical Engineering?
Is this the best school for Electrical Engineering?
Is Electrical Engineering the best major for me?
Do I have to take an introductory Electrical Engineering class?
What are the best things about a degree in Electrical Engineering?
What are the worst things about a degree in Electrical Engineering?
How can I switch my major to Electrical Engineering?
Do Electrical Engineers get hired by companies like Google, Microsoft, Amazon, and Facebook?
Can I study Electrical Engineering at another campus?
What Electrical Engineering classes should I take before transferring to UP?
What are some jobs that Electrical Engineers can do that aren't in Electrical Engineering?
What is the relationship between the introductory Electrical Engineering courses?
What can I do after learning Electrical Engineering?
What are some good resources for learning Electrical Engineering on my own?
Which needs more logic: Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering?
How relevant is Electrical Engineering at Penn State Behrend?
What are some unlikely professions for Electrical Engineers?
Which companies hire a lot of Electrical Engineers?
Who are some famous Electrical Engineers?
Are women successful in Electrical Engineering?
Can you give me some advice on choosing between Computer Science and Electrical Engineering?
I canⴠdecide whether to study Computer Science or Electrical Engineering.
Help me explain the difference between studying Computer Engineering and Electrical Engineering.
How do I distinguish between Computer Engineering and Electrical Engineering?
Can I become a Software Engineer with an Electrical Engineering Degree?
Should I worry about being a female Electrical Engineer?
Are females successful in Electrical Engineering?
What are beneficial Skills for Electrical Engineering Students?
What skills should I obtain for majoring in Electrical Engineering?
What skills should Electrical Engineering Students have?
What is the career outlook for Electrical Engineering?
What are components of Electrical Engineering theory?
What subjects does theoretical Electrical Engineering study?
What topics are included in the study of theoretical Electrical Engineering?
What should I study for Electrical Engineering Theory?
What are Electrical Engineering Certifications?
Should I get an Electrical Engineering Certification?
Show me the information about the Circuits Certificate.
What does the Electrical Engineering job growth looks like?
Is Electrical Engineering a growing profession?
Show me the information about the Analog & Digital Electronics Certificate.
Show me the information about the Electric Machines & Control Certificate.
What does SE mean?
What is SE?
Is SE Software Engineering?
What does CS mean?
What is CS?
Is CS Computer Science?
What does CSSE mean?
What is CSSE?
Is CSSE Computer Science and Software Engineering?
What does EE mean?
What is EE?
Is EE Electrical Engineering?
What does CMPEN mean?
What is CMPEN?
Is CMPEN Computer Engineering?
What technical electives do you recommend for Software Engineering?
What are good technical electives for Software Engineering?
What general education courses do you recommend for Software Engineering?
What are good general education courses for Software Engineering?
What technical electives do you recommend for Computer Science?
What are good technical electives for Computer Science?
What general education courses do you recommend for Computer Science?
What are good general education courses for Computer Science?
What technical electives do you recommend for Electrical Engineering?
What are good technical electives for Electrical Engineering?
What general education courses do you recommend for Electrical Engineering?
What are good general education courses for Electrical Engineering?
What technical electives do you recommend for Computer Engineering?
What are good technical electives for Computer Engineering?
What general education courses do you recommend for Computer Engineering?
What are good general education courses for Computer Engineering?
How many math credits do I need to take as a Software Engineering?
How many math credits do I need to take as a Computer Scientist?
How many math credits do I need to take as an Electrical Engineer?
How many math credits do I need to take as a Computer Engineer?
How many assignments are programming related in the Software Engineering degree?
How many assignments are programming related in the Computer Science degree?
How many assignments are programming related in the Electrical Engineering degree?
How many assignments are programming related in the Computer Engineering degree?
What is the focus of the Software Engineering major?
What is the focus of the Computer Science major?
What is the focus of the Electrical Engineering major?
What is the focus of the Computer Engineering major?
How long are classes?
How long are labs?
What is the difference between a lab and a class?
What is the Recommended Academic Plan for Software Engineering?
What is the RAP for Computer Science?
What is the RAP for Computer Engineering?
What is the RAP for Electrical Engineering?