What is the difference between an online program and actually going to school?
What is the software engineering curriculum?
What are some career options in software engineering?
how many total credits do I take?
What is the learning environment like?
How much does a credit cost in software engineering?
How much is the information technology fee?
Members Who are the faculty members for software engineering
Who is Xiaocong Fan?
Who is Thomas Hemminger?
Who is Jalaa Hoblos?
Who is Sudarshan Nelatury?
Who is Naseem Ibrahim?
Who is Meng Su?
Who is George Walters?
Who is Li Wang?
Who is Zhifeng Xiao?
Who is Richard Zhao?
What are the prerequisites for the software engineering program?
Requirements Can I transfer my credits to software engineering?
What materials do I need to apply?
How do I apply for software engineering?
How do I check the status of my application?
What computer do I need to take this program?
What minimum computer specs are required to take online classes?
Do you offer a masters in software engineering?
Can I miss classes due to religious reasons?
What are the basic requirements for a minor?
How do I declare a minor?
When should I declare a minor?
How is the academic authority for undergraduate minors established?
What are some things you wish you knew when you started programming?
What can I expect from majoring in computer science at Behrend?
Are there any prerequisites for majoring in computer science?
What is the purpose of computer science?
Is computer science a fast growing industry? 
What is the future of computer science?
Is computer science a fast growing industry? What is the future of computer science?
Can I get a minor in computer science at Behrend?
What courses do I take to minor in computer science at Behrend
I want to develop video games, can I do so?
What courses are there in game development minor?
what is software engineering?
Is it easy to get a job in software engineering?
What is special about Behrend¡¯s software engineering?
What will I get out of Penn State Behrends computer science program?
what is expected of me if I graduate with a computer science degree?
what job opportunities are there in computer science?
are there people to help me with my career plan at Behrend?
are there internship opportunities at Penn State Behrend?
how will Behrend¡¯s software engineering program train me?
what will I learn from software engineering?
What happens if my GPA gets too low?
what happens if my GPA drops below 2.00?
Can I get academically suspended?
What happens if I violate academic integrity?
what happens if I have been a bad student?
Can I drop a course after I have violated academic integrity?
can I drop a course after being suspected of academic misconduct?
Will I be safe if I drop a course before being notified of conducting academic misconduct?
What happens if student has multiple academic misconducts recorded?
What happens if student accepts responsibility for academic integrity violation?
What happens if there is a procedural problem involving academic misconduct?
What happens if this is not the first time I violate academic integrity?
When are XF sanctions assigned?
Can the XF grade on my transcript be removed?
Who is responsible for record keeping and disclosing of student disciplinary records?
When can I request a filing for a deferred grade?
How long can my grade be deferred?